This story I am going to share is the story of me and my friends.

I know that this is not a very scary story, but I think it's very good.

It's a true story.

I hope that he forgives me for sharing my story with you all.

This is my first story share of my experiences and definitely not my last.

This true encounter once again happened to me while I was here a couple months ago.

The encounter I am going to write about happened two days ago in one this building we are in.

It's not too shocking or scary, but I hope you are willing to give opinions on it.

I never believed in ghosts or spirits until my encounter living at this building.

Recently (a couple of weeks ago), I began keeping track of things (so they can be more understandable and organized). I wrote what happened while it was fresh in my mind.

The story I will be telling you are the experiences we had in in this building.

Fourty years ago, my parents did a bit of remodeling in the house and also rearranged some furnitures. Since then, we experienced a lot of strange things in the house but the most common are the white shadows. You know, those things that you see in your peripheral vision.

One day I was driving down the road late at night around 11:00pm and my car just shut off, I couldn't see anything because my headlights were off and my flashlight was missing. 

Back on October 15, 1956, my girlfriend thought it would be a good idea to take me to the cemetery in my hometown, a week before my birthday, as one of my presents.

About 20 years ago me and a mate used to go to this caravan site a couple of miles up the coast from where I used to live. 

During the summer we used to drink in the sites pub called the Mermaid, booze on the beach and chat up the holiday maker's daughters etc.

I have had several supernatural things happen to me over the years. 

My great grand mother was a gifted psychic and I guess that I inherited a little bit of an ability to see things that others can't. 

First some background... I am from the town nearby and lived there till I married.

My grandparents lived in a very small town, it can be found outside of the city to the north.

I was once driving back home from a long trip. I was driving from another city going back to my hometown. It was about 2:30 AM and I finally made it back.

I know that this is not a very scary story, but I think it's very good. 

It's a true story. 

I hope that he forgives me for sharing my story with you all. 

Ever since my beloved grandfather past away, I couldn't get a hold of myself for weeks. He was the one who loved my the most and cared for me the most because I was his favorite grandchild.

 I miss him so much. I almost gotten over him until it happened to me.

In my town, there is a huge mansion on the edge of the park, it's open to visitors and people who want to walk through its many rooms, there are tours etc.

I took the behind the scenes tour which brought us to the basement of the a famous mansion in my city.

I spent a memorable night at my cousin's. 

It was memorable for me, because of the activity. Memorable for my cousin, because it firmly cemented in her mind that she would never return.

This story located in security prison. Now this prison has a long and sometimes violent history. 

When I visited the house I was 14. 

It was summer, me and my family had taken a trip out to see my aunt for Fourth of July like we usually do.

It was the second to last day we would be driving back home, and my mother and I wanted desperately to go visit the place again. 

The last time I visited I was very young, but I do remember a fair bit about it.

It brought back sad memories of my father being with me the last time I was there.

While living in out of the state, my 2 sons and I headed up the road to look in an old apple orchard to shoot a deer. 

I'm pretty sure many of you are familiar with the term sleep paralysis. I, unfortunately was a victim of it. Moreover, it happened to me on New Year's Day of 2015.

Just Monday evening of this week I had returned to the funeral home around 21:45 to retrieve some personal effects as I was starting vacation on Tuesday. 

For anyone who has ever felt,, "Watched" while being totally alone in the middle of a 200+ acre cemetery, or anywhere else for that matter, I need say nothing more. 

Growing up, I had always been religious and there was no doubt in my mind about Heaven and Hell, demons and angels, and God and the Devil. 

It was around 8:00 PM. 


This is my first story share of my experiences and definitely not my last, 

I can start off first that my partner is also from my hometown. 

This true encounter once again happened to me while I was living in here, my home. 

This is the red light entertainment area. 

The encounter I am going to write about happened two days ago

This "You are not alone" feeling I felt Tuesday evening led to me thinking of an incident that occurred several years ago while working at a funeral home in the area around here to the north.

This mysterious incident happened when I was a kid. 

There was one old woman who lived in neighborhood, fell out of a tree while climbing up to pick some fruits and was seriously injured. She passed away after few days as a result of internal bleeding and fractures.

I've lived in the same house for many years. Each year something happens, sometimes scary sometimes annoying.

Witchcraft can be a truly wonderful and beautiful thing--a path to enlightenment, the same as many others. 

Not all witches practice so-called "black" or harmful magic, and I certainly never have and don't intend to. However, when one begins to learn magic, among the first things they are told to study and apply is protection. 

Years ago, for Christmas, I had asked Santa Claus for a pair of "little girl" high heel shoes. 

Lately some small odd things have been going on in my home.

Little things that if I hadn't started paying attention, would go by unnoticed.

As of late because of the cold, wet, weather I have been keeping our furry baby in the lounge room. It's his bedroom nowadays.


I have experience some paranormal activities and these is an experience which still gives me the creeps!


