I had a sleepover with two of my friends.

Now mind you, I was always into hearing ghost stories and what not, but I never did those Ouija boards or seances or anything.

my partner was sleeping in the room and like every other day; I left to get some food.

When I came back she quickly started telling me that someone had been in our room and had make some weird noise.

Late one night, my partner and I were walking up onto the front porch of the building after hanging out for the day.

Every night when everyone went to sleep they would close their doors except for my room; I don't know I just didn't like my door closed. 

We had a extremely long dark hallway. 

There would be some night where I would stay up to work on the 3D printing while everyone in the floor was asleep.

Before I began keeping track, there were multiple things that happened.

My odd experience occurred one normal night when I was about sick. 

Recently before when I started recording things. 

One evening I was up in my room reading a book. I was reading for probably a half an hour, and while I was reading; I was hearing noises from the room at the back of the hallway. 

In a full house of 9 people not everyone has had an experience. 

This is the second time I had a visitor like this in my home. 

I wasn't really the same after that. 

I was walking down the Road last night.

My two little brothers have never had an experience. 

One of little sisters told me she heard whispering once. 

I believe this was a month after we moved in. 

It was a school night and I had had some real rough times at school.

A few years ago a friend of mine rented an apartment in an old house. 

My apartment building, has several spirits.

My partner's family had a boy die many years ago, but as a baby, not a 10-12 years old boy. 

My partner and I have a house in the close-in suburbs, recently built. 

None of this was particularly frightening, but just very unsettling. 

I was young when it happened but it remember it so well. 

My other two younger sisters have never seen or heard anything. 

My older brother says we're crazy.

I was extremely skeptical about spirits, ghosts, and paranormal activity in general. 

This happened while on vacation. 

I perpartnerally do believe in the afterlife and believe that people who are lost before their time sometimes do not pass over right away.

I do not know if was just a dream or otherwise.


I must have been 12 at that time when my aunt and her family moved to this city.


One night during the first week of January, I'm not quite sure what day it was,
