This story located in security prison. Now this prison has a long and sometimes violent history. 


Prisoners were <break/> murdered in their cells by other inmates, during riots, and most notably, they were put to death in the electric chair, "old sparky", who was built by an inmate from that facility. 

The prison is closed now, but you can still tour it, and if you are brave enough even spend the night there, of which I plan on doing once I return stateside.

My 9 year-old son and I accompanied my good friend at the city 2,000 miles away to pick up a travel visa for his upcoming trip abroad. 

Since the visit in the office was very short, we had extra time to kill before heading back home (a couple of hours away). 

We decided to do something fun, so using his cool GPS system in his rental car, we looked up attractions in the area and saw the Aquarium and agreed to go there.

When I visited the house I was 14. 

It was summer of last year, and my family had taken a trip out to see my aunt for Fourth of July like we usually do.

It was the second to last day we would be driving back home, and my mother and I wanted desperately to go visit the place again. 

The last time I visited I was very young, but I do remember a fair bit about it.

It brought back sad memories of my father being with me the last time I was there.

While living in out of the state, my 2 sons and I headed up the road to look in an old apple orchard to shoot a deer. 

Outside the orchard was an old stone home. 

Across from it was a fallen down barn. The boys and I walked over the old barn. 

There was <break/><break/> "some" snow on the ground, not a whole lot. 

As we got directly across from the driveway of the house - we could see the trees out back. Behind the trees was a large pond, something caught my eye in the side window of the house. 

It was a large woman in a apron, leaning on the table there and smiling at us. I told the boys we should go and ask her if it was alright to cut through her yard to go behind and into the orchard.

