It was a school night and I had had some real rough times at school. I had just finished my dinner and went to have a bath to relax but just could not stop worrying about all my homework. As I went off to bed I felt as though someone was watching me get dressed, but being used to it I just took no notice of it.

I jumped into bed and stayed awake worrying. I heard my dad turn off all the lights and go to bed so I knew it was late.

As I finally got to sleep, I awoke to someone jumping on top of me as I was on the other side of the house I freaked out thinking if my mom and dad could hear me. I felt as though he was pulling my soul out of me through my stomach. I tried to scream but he had hold of the throat so it felt like he was holding my voicebox in his hand. I tried and tried to fight him off but he just wouldn't move until I tried to scream one more time and he vanished (I knew it was a man because I could feel big strong hands and I could also smell him).

I ran into my mom's room and told her what happened and she got two lovely ladies to bless the house. I never stayed in that room again.

Here's the gist. My best friend chrissy has a ghost that came to her door a couple of times and it really freaked her out so one night she put prayer beads on the doorknob and it didn't reappear for the past year. Last friday I went to go changing in her room but the door wouldn't shut because there were things blocking it, so I took the stuff off and put it in her laundry basket. I closed it and started changing (no one was home but chrissy and her step sister), they were all downstairs, and the door opened, I shouted "chrissy, wait, I'm changing" then I closed it back. It immediately opened right back and I said "stop it", then I tried to close it again, I leaned on the door, and I felt the door knob twist so I open it but no one was there. I went downstairs and told them the whole story but they said they were down there the whole time then chrissy asked me: "did you take the beads off the door?" I told her I did, then we all freaked out and sent her step sister upstairs to put it back on. However, they weren't there at first, but when we looked back on the doorknob they were suddenly there again. I know I took everything off the door... It was a scary night.

A few years ago a friend of mine rented an apartment in an old house. A year after he moved in, he started to hear footsteps from the attic above. He told us about it, and we just laughed an told him he was paranoid and that he just hallucinated it. So one friday night while we were watching movies over at his place we heard the noises too. It was definitely footstep we heard, like someone was walking slowly back and forth. We could even hear the "footsteps" moving around the attic. So we paused the movie and listened closely. The noises stopped, and we saw the rest of the movie.

Afterwards we sat and discussed what the noises could have been, and just as we were talking about it the "footsteps" reappeared. We freaked out, but decided the we should check it out. Armed with frying pans and knives from the kitchen walked towards the attic. The stairs up to the attic was in the hallway, because all of the tenants in the building had access to it. The door to the stairs had a heavy padlock plus a regular lock in the door. We unlocked the door and sneaked upstairs. We turned on the light and there was no one there. The attic was empty except for an old sofa and some mattresses, so there was really no place to hide. Scared as hell we turned off the light and locked the place.

On later occasions we heard the noises, but we never really did anything about it, we just accepted it for what it was and though it was cool to have our own "ghost pal".


I was in the Navy and living ashore at Norfolk, VA in the early '70s. It was an old two story house. The main floor had a kitchen, dining room and living room. The second floor had a master bedroom, that nearly half the size of the house, a smaller bedroom and a bath.

One day I was in the master bedroom folding laundry. People came and went all the time (had a couple of roommates and they had friends) so the doors were seldom (if ever) locked.

I heard the front door open and close and called out I was upstairs. I heard heavy, plodding footsteps on the stairs, pausing at the bend in the middle. It was as if whomever was really tired and it was all they could do to walk up the steps. From where I was standing I could see clearly down the hall to the top of the stairs. The footsteps continued to the top and down the hall towards me. No one was there. The steps were quite audible. At the treshold of the bedroom door they stopped.

I stood there shaking like a leaf then quickly exited the room. Some time later I returned home to find every light in the place on. A roommate was sitting in the living room, white as a sheet, holding a poker from the fire place, in front of him. I asked what was wrong. He said he was watching tv when the door to the outside (the former front door since the house at one time faced Chesapeake Bay but at sometime was moved across the street, and turned around, so our "front door" had been the back door at one time and our back door the front) began turning on its own. He asked who was there and no answer. Then the door started shaking as if someone were trying to enter but couldn't. He went to the door and called out again, no reply. He opened the door and no one was there. And, the screen door was closed and lashed, with no breaks in the screen for someone to reach in.

I told him of my experience earlier and he said he had heard footsteps as well when no one was home. He never told anyone believing they would think him crazy.

Eventually others reported hearing strange things as well. The old house is no longer there. It was on a spit of land which has since been "re-developed" with freeways, ramps, etc. -sigh-

My apartment building, in Huntington, WV, has several spirits. Residents in two apartments on the other end of the hall (I live in the back) have reported seeing an old woman, in a white blouse and long black dress enter their apartment, walk through and exit. At one time this building had a landlady from who owned the place from about 1911 to '51. This could be her keeping any eye on her property.Huntington, WV (I am the senior resident in the building -three story brick apartment, erected in 1906- having moved here in July, 1979, and people will ask "You've been here a long time, have you heard of this or that happening?")

One evening in the early '80s a neighbour and I were playing cards. No radio, tv, or such on. Suddenly we heard loud noises coming from his apartment, as if it were being ransacked. Scott went to check and nothing was out of place. I have also had the feeling someone would be watching me from that apartment when no one was living there. (My kitchen windows and that ones form a sort of L shape.) I named the spirit "Casper", after the cartoon character Casper, the friendly ghost since he means no harm, merely curious. And when I have feeling of being watched I always wave and greet him. :)

There is also a ghost in my apartment.

It was August 2nd. A hot, muggy night. The cat I had then was laying on the floor facing the closed bathroom door. This was before the Net so I was watching tv and Muffy was in my line of vision. Suddenly she roused herself, started a low growl, twitching her tail, looking at the closed door, then to me, back to the door. I told her there was nothing there. Like a scene from a cheap movie I went to the door, put my hand on the doorknob and said, "See, there's nothing in there" and opened the door. Suddenly a cold rush of air passed through me, at least 20 degrees cooler than a moment before. After that Muffy was calm again and went back to her dozing... For a couple of years on that date I could feel the presence. I haven't for the last few years.


In 1978, my parents bought a 30 year old house which was originally owned by an actress who's full name I will not reveal, Ann was her first name... She was famous in the 30' through 50's era. Anyway, I was born in 1979 and from an early age I remember a few instances where I was spooked.

My first odd experience occurred one normal night when I was about 4 or 5 years old. For some reason I awoke and got out of bed. I heard something in the kitchen which was directly down the hallway from my doorway. It was very late or early in the morning. When I peered down the hallway I saw a rabbit on our kitchen counter; its eyes were bright and its body was almost see through - like a projection. I was scared and tired, so I ran across the hallway to my older sisters room and slept there the rest of the night. Sure enough nobody believed me the next day. Over the next few years I always heard noises in my closet and cupboards in my bedroom. And all the while living there I always heard shuffling and pounding in a large walk in safe in the downstairs part of our house. In the ten year span living there I always felt like I was being watched, and I would never go inside the house unless my parents or someone else was with me. When I got off the school bus, I would wait outside until my mom got home. It was not until my mother told me a few things that she probably would not have revealed had she known how I would react. I overheard my mother talking to my aunt about how the previous owner told her that an actor, by the name of Ann "blank", had built the house. Even more interesting, the previous owners laughingly said they would occasionally see her walking down the halls. Once, my mother even admitted to me that she was home alone reading in the living room when she felt someone touch her on the shoulder, it was a comforting gesture but scared her when she turned and saw no one around. I was scared of that house.

When I was about 12 we moved to a house my Dad built, same city but miles away from the old house. The first night staying there I remember waking and looking out my bedroom window to see a white figure running down the lonesome road at a swift and graceful pace. Also, my beloved dog was in my sight and he ran from the object with tail in between legs... not typical, this dog was a butt kicking machine. It was weird but I was able to fall back asleep, next day nobody took me seriously. The last incident happened shortly after, I remember just laying down in my bed, it was a matter of seconds before I saw this woman hovering over me and she did not speak but it was like she said "I have followed you". I layed there paralyzed but managed to say "GET OUT, LEAVE ME ALONE". And ever since I have been totally ghost free, knock on wood. Long, maybe boring story for you guys, but real to me, too real.

In 1987, I was living in a house in Atlanta with four roommates. We lived there for just over a year and during that time, we had several experiences with what we later became convinced was an actual ghostly presence.

The house we were renting was well over a hundred years old, having been built sometime just after the American Civil War when Atlanta had been burned and destroyed by Union forces.

The house was a beautiful old Victorian home located in an area of Atlanta known as Inman Park. We were all pretty young (in our twenties) and trying to get started in our respective careers, so the prospect of sharing the rent for a wonderful old two story, five bedroom house with a full basement was an attractive one.

One week after moving in, we were all asleep in our rooms when we were awakened by screaming from our roommate, whom I'll call Hanna. We all jumped out of bed and went into Hanna's room. She was sitting up, saying that she had woken up to see the dark figure of a man standing next to her bed, looking down at her. She said that when she had screamed, the figure turned and walked out of the room. She was very scared and highly agitated. Myself and the other male roommate (the housemates consisted of two male/female couples and one single female) immediately checked out the inside and outside of the house, but we could find no intruder. (This happened around two or three o'clock in the morning). We finally got Hanna to calm down and everyone went back to bed. The next day, we just chalked up this first incident to nervousness about living in a new home that just happened to be a creaky and somewhat spooky old antique house. (However, Hanna would not hear of that explanation and in the ensuing days, continued to insist that she had seen this dark figure standing by her bed. She refused to stay in the house alone after that).

About two weeks after that first incident, we were again all asleep when suddenly there was a very loud crash and the sound of tinkling of glass from the hallway that separated all of the bedrooms and a common bathroom. Once more, we all jumped up and ran out into the hall where we found that a full-length mirror that had been mounted on the bathroom door had shattered into hundreds of pieces all over the floor. Since everyone had been asleep, we could not figure out how this had happened as the mirror frame was still securely fastened to the door and only the glass itself had broken. (Atlanta is not prone to earthquakes and the street was not a busy one, so we ruled out the possibility that a large truck or something had passed by and caused vibrations to occur inside the place).

Later, similar "poltergeist" activity would manifest itself in many other ways: there was one instance when I was home alone in the house watching television when, for no good reason that I could later ascertain, three candles that were sitting on the fireplace mantle suddenly fell off onto the floor, almost as if someone had swept them off with a hand. Then there was the phenomenon that we all experienced at one time or another where personal objects and other items would go missing, only to turn up later in a place where the owner would swear that he/she had not left them. (On one occasion, missing car keys were found lying right in the middle of the person's bed after a thorough search had been conducted for them by everyone home at the time). Other strange activity came in the form of knocking and tapping sounds heard coming from either the attic or the basement when it was certain that no one was in either space.

The last incident that involved the sighting of an actual "entity" occurred about two months after we had moved in. We were having a small party at our place and a house guest, who none of us had met prior to the party, was taking a personal tour of the place on her own. She suddenly came running up from downstairs saying that she had just seen a man standing in the corner of the basement. She said that when she had called out to him, he simply disappeared! We immediately went down to the basement to check and of course, found nobody there. This was most interesting because there was only one entrance into the basement and a person who might have been trying to play a trick would not have been able to escape past anyone without being seen. (As noted, that house guest who saw the figure in the basement was a brand new acquaintance whom we later determined had no prior knowledge that our place had any sort of "unusual" activity connected to it).

After about six months of all this, things seemed to quiet down and no more "ghost" activity was noticed or reported by anyone. We began to convince ourselves that maybe, just maybe, we had all overreacted to some degree and perhaps we were all just being overly-imaginative about the whole thing.

Finally, toward the end of our time living in the house, my wife and I were out at a restaurant one evening having a drink and dinner. We struck up a conversation with another couple sitting at a table nearby, two people who were complete strangers to us and whom we happened to meet that night by total chance. When they asked us where we were living in Atlanta, we told them about our place in Inman Park. They said, "Really, we used to live in Inman Park. Which street do you live on?" When we told them, they said, "That is interesting, we used to rent a house on that same street. What is your address?" When we gave our address to them, they said, "Oh my god, we used to rent that exact same house ourselves," immediately followed by the women saying, "Have you seen the ghost yet?" Well, you can imagine that both my wife and I were completely flabbergasted to have received such validation about our "ghost problem" from two complete strangers! We ended up comparing notes with them and they told us about many strange happenings they had witnessed in the house that were quite similar to our own.

That experience thoroughly convinced me that there really is something to the whole subject of ghosts and afterward, I no longer dismissed similar stories that I heard from other people quite so easily.

Hi, my name is Ruby, I am 25 years old and I live in Los Angeles, CA. To tell you the truth, I am completely fascinated with the idea of the afterlife, I've spent time searching on the net, and reading books, to find true stories, some of which I can correlate, and to learn more about the whole existence of the paranormal. I do not doubt at all that it is true, throughout the course of my life I've experienced some paranormal activity, although some were very ephemeral, but it was there, I guess it would be silly of me to say it was tangible, anyway I'd like to share my most incredible experience with you.

About 2 years ago I had taken over my step-mother's daytime job, the agreement was to watch over a sweet elderly woman, named Margie, for about 1 month, so I did, the job description was that I had to stay and live there throughout the course of my employment, so I agreed, besides, the Baca's were incredibly benign individuals.

At first it was great, I fell in love with Margie, she had a funny character, she also had senile dementia, but she was great none-the-less, every morning I'd wake her up and take her to the restroom, and on our way there she'd stop and say "look!" and she'd point straight ahead at what I saw was nothing, and I'd just smile and continue my task, that was about as weird as it got while with Margie, but late at night...

8pm was the end of my day with Margie, I'd retire to my room, which was the back room of the house, near Margie's room, a rather nice room but also the coldest room in the house. The first week was smooth, no signs of nothing, but by the second week I had experienced the unusual, I had brought my portable DVD player with me and one night I decided to watch my John Lennon documentary. I had fallen asleep watching it and I remember sneezing, about 4 seconds after that I heard a distinct "BLESS YOU", I got up so fast and frightened, I rewinded the DVD making sure that perhaps the documentary had somehow mentioned those words, but there was no "BLESS YOU" mentioned, I got up and opened my door to look out the hallway, but everyone was asleep and everything was quiet and dark, I was completely perplexed. The voice I heard was of a man, the next morning I ran the whole DVD again and no BLESS YOU'S, so I decided to leave it as that.

Another night I was in my room and I was about to start grooming my eyebrows but I was interrupted by a phone call, so I put my tweezers down on the bed, I later returned to find them gone, I started looking all over for them, under the bed, by the closet near-by, I even took every piece of bed garment off and shook it, I looked everywhere, 10 minutes later and a look of mass confusion on my face, I decided to go ask Paul (my boss) if he had borrowed them, he said no, so I went back to my room and I'll never forget the feeling I had in my heart, they where right in the middle of my scavenged bed, I was in shock not to mention slightly scared. I looked all around me and I remember my heart beating so profusely, I found it hard to sleep that night.

And finally on the last week of my stay I had awaken at 7am as usual, I began to make my bed, it was a queen size bed and it had 3 layers of sheet work, so I proceeded, when I came to the second layer I extended the sheet and laid it flat tucking in the right side. Now take in mind that this bed is a queen size so I have to walk over to tuck in the left, so as I finished tucking in my right side I walked over to do my left and to my surprise it was already neatly tucked in! I freaked out! Once again I stand alone looking all around me and I say "THANK YOU, CAN I HELP YOU WITH SOMETHING?", but the room echoed in silence. I couldn't hold it in any longer, I decided to confront my boss Mr Baca, which is Margie's oldest son. He confessed that prior to his purchasing the house, two lesbians owned it, and when he spoke with them, they warned him that the house holds spirits but they are benign spirits and that they like to play tricks on people. Paul bought it none the less, he lived in that house for like 20-30 years with his wife and 3 children.

Later down the years, his wife passed away sometime in '99, he believes that she roams the house, helping and cleaning as she always had, and the room that I had was their two older son's room, so she spends a lot of time in there. I felt at ease when he told me that, and pleased to have ever graced her presence.

I have always felt that I could deal with the dead, that I would try to help and understand them, this experience has proved to me that I do attract spirits and I am more than willing to help, I've had many more experiences but I will share those another time.

I hope you've enjoyed my story and if any of you experience similar activity, don't be frightened, I think your energy frightens them more than they already are, so try to hold this sense of comfort and don't be afraid to speak to them.

There was a time when I was growing up back in Indiana that we were remodelling part of the old house. We'd peeled the wallpaper off the walls around the stairway that went up to my bedroom and had just put on a fresh layer of spackling compound to level-off and even-out the old plaster in preparation for gluing cork and mirror tiles on the walls the next day. (Yes, it was the 70's.)

In the middle of the night I got up to go downstairs to pee. (Nice to remember that even as a kid I had to do that once in awhile.)

There was a rocking chair in my room that the family cat, Rascal, liked to sleep in at night.

With my glasses off everything was blurry and there was just the moonlight and the street light through the two windows at opposite ends of the room. One window was at the top of the stairs. I thought I was seeing Rascal's fuzzy white shape in that old wooden rocker, so I leaned down to pet him on my way to the steps.

But as I reached down, my hand passed through the fuzzy, furry white blob I'd thought was the cat and my fingertips touched the rough material of the cushion he would have been sleeping on. There was a sudden cold tingling feeling, like an electrical charge, except it was really, really cold. It chilled my hand to above the wrist almost immediately. This is gonna sound weird, but, its outermost edges "gathered blue" as I looked at it. My mind was still in shock from my hand passing through my cat, and I know it doesn't make sense now, but it felt like it was "drawing blue" out of the room and the tingling intensified till my elbow hurt. Then, whatever it was took off through the back of the chair moving fast, like I'd startled it.

It shot across the room and over to the staircase, an elliptical blob of bluish-white light that never touched the floor, but rolled in the air, slightly churning as it moved.

Stupid as it might sound, I chased after it. It shot over to the stairwell, then down, keeping itself above the steps and sort of leaning into the wall until it finally passed through the wall and out of the house somewhere just shy of the other side of the landing.

I was still at the top of the stairs, and looked out the window and down, trying to see if I could find it moving out of the house. I caught sight of it briefly, just a glimpse as it darted above the hedges and tomato plants in the side yard, then suddenly shot upwards, out of sight. As it moved up, it seemed to peel backwards, like it was turning itself inside out, just before it disappeared. When I stopped seeing it, it was about ten feet above my head, and almost halfway across the neighbor's back yard. That thing moved fast! and weird....

I kept watching the sky for few minutes to see if there was anything else out there, till I really had to pee. So, I went down the stairs and over to the bathroom to relieve myself... then went back to bed. It was awful late in the night and I didn't figure anyone would want to be woken up just to hear about something that was already over, so I went back to bed.

When I woke up the next day and walked down the stairs, the spackling compound was dried and would have been ready for setting tile -- except now it was all scratched up. But it wasn't like claw marks, which you would have expected to follow a straight path or make curving arcs, lifting the compound, if it really was the stupid cat and I'd just imagined everything else in the moonlight... no, these marks were more like a series of badly drawn lightning bolts. It looked like they'd been "squiggled" into the compound. They were all jaggedy, in short -almost methodical- bursts. Like someone was writing something but forgot how to use the alphabet.

But the really weird thing goes like this: The spackling compound wasn't dragged through... I don't know how to explain this, but hang in there with me for a minute. Imagine dragging your finger through some cake frosting (that's pretty much the consistency of spackling compound) to make the letter Z like Zorro would. Notice how the frosting is displaced outwards by the movement of your finger. Notice how the heaviest amount of frosting ends up in a little pile pushed at the end where you lifted your finger away from the cake to lick the frosting... notice how the frosting lifted up with you to follow your finger as long as it could before seperating and falling back slightly. Now here's the really weird thing: with these markings in the wall, THERE WAS NO HEAVIEST EDGE OR END, anywhere! Period. All along all those little jagged letter-ish shapes the displacement was even, as if you'd started at the center (of each axis) and pushed evenly outwards to displace the mud (that's what you call spackling compound). Even. Smooth. Uniform displacement. Everywhere. Plus, when I said these things were "letter-ish," I meant that they were of fairly uniform height and consistent width, prety much like you were scribbling something down in a hurry. (Yeah, I know, alien spaceghost graffiti from the other side. But, this really could have been some kind of writing, it looked that intentional. Know what I mean?)

Believe me, my brother and I studied these markings a long time, twisting around to look at these things from all angles, even holding up a mirror to look at them backwards, before we had to smear on the glue and tile them over.To tell you the truth I've never seen what I'm about to write... but my mom and the neighbor did and I totally believe them. I lived in a house that was divided into three parts and there were three families that lived there. We happened to live in the smallest part of it. You have to remember that I was about 8 years old at the time, so I never really thought much about the house. But even when I was 8, I still felt a small vibe in the bathroom. Now our house was just a living room, kitchen, my room and the bathroom, all in that order and very small. In the bathroom there was a small slant in the celling that was meant to be there, but it made you feel just... scared. In the bathroom, there was no shower because of the slant but the bath looked almost like an old style kind of bath. Let me tell you what my mom and the neighbor saw. On the stairs of the house, Dana (the neighbor) and my mom saw a little girl around 12 years old. They said that she was dressed in old fashioned clothings with little boots. They didn't get a bad feeling from this girl. At around 3:00 in the morning, my mom also heard a ball bouncing from that girl. Dana also saw a bunch of ghost cats. They did get a BAD vibe from hearing a man's foot steps up stairs. Loud. But the man soon left. It was just a plain creepy house!

Before I begin my story, I would like to make it perfectly clear to the reader, that this is not an attempt to inspire you to believe in the paranormal, or the occult or the Christian faith. However I am a Christian and my faith is very strong. My story is just a true and accurate account, of what has been happening in my life and is still continuing. I have never seen a ghost, but I did have an experience when I was in my late twenties, where Satan tried to enter my body. It was a vision in a dream, where he ran at me and when he hit me he bounced off me screaming in pain.

Now for my story. It was the last week of March in 2016. I was renting a room from a lady that took me in when I was going through a difficult time in my life, and had nowhere to stay in the summer of 2015. At the beginning of March, she informed me that she was selling the house and I would need to find another place to live. She did tell me at the beginning that it would only be temporary, and also told me that her son had died in the house. During the last week of March she was away most of the time, and I was there by myself preparing to move the first of April.

It was Tuesday night and I retired for the evening to my room around 11:30 pm. The room was in the loft in the top floor of the house. I was lying in bed with the light on because I could not sleep, as I was thinking about my new home. It was going to be a rooming house with two other tenants. As I lay there, I was suddenly drawn to look at the wall to the right of me. It was as though I could sense that something was there and could feel it's presence. I slowly moved my head and followed it, as it approached me and passed over my head. As it passed over my head, I felt a cool refreshing moisture on my face as though someone had sprinkled snow on my face. I stopped and stared for a few seconds, and then continued to follow it to the left side of the bed where it stopped. As I continued to stare at the spot where it stopped, all of a sudden I heard the spirit say one word to me. It sounded like the voice of a young teenage girl. The one word she said to me was sweet, and I heard it plain as day just as if a real girl was there speaking to me. She left and that was the end of her visit. At no time during this experience did I ever feel threatened or any sense of fear or evil.

There is a second part to my story. The part that is still continuing today. I moved into my new rooming house in April, and in July I developed an infection in my right arm that would not heal due to poor circulation, and I had to have it amputated a few inches below the elbow in October. I am now fitted with a prosthetic arm that looks very real, and most people at first glance do not even notice that it is a prosthetic arm and hand.

When I sleep on my right side, I Prop my prosthetic arm against the wall at a 45 degree angle, with my hand resting on the wall. The prosthetic hand is made of a rubber like material. As I am nearing the sleep stage but still fully aware of my surroundings, the spirit lifts my arm away from the wall and let's it fall back to the wall. My hand bounces on the wall and it startles me because it is unexpected. I feel my arm move at the elbow and I know that it is not me that is doing it.

Sometimes the spirit takes my arm and throws it at the wall very hard, so that it hits with a loud bang. At times the spirit moves my arm to the right or left a few inches and let's it bounce on the wall. This has been happening since Christmas 2017 and is still continuing. Once again I never feel a sense of evil or fear.

It was quiet all summer and only happened two or three times, but it has restarted again this October. I am not sure if it is the spirit of the young girl that has followed me here from the other house. At times when I go to bed I can smell the fragrance of ladies perfume.

One night I thought that maybe it was trying to communicate with me. I held a pen in my good hand on an eight and half by eleven sheet of paper to see if I could get a message. The pen did not move but the paper turned a quarter of a turn all by itself. Sometimes I have felt the bed move, as well as my right leg and my good arm, and have felt a slight touch through my clothes when it happens. There has never been direct contact with my skin.

I am not frightened in any way and always feel calm, relaxed and peaceful. The spirit also plays with my electronics (home theater) by turning it on and off, or changing inputs while I am using it. I am not worried about this and do not believe that I need help or am possessed. I would like to know if there is anyone else having experiences similar to mine. 

 While all of the spirit encounters I've had have been almost certainly paranormal and cannot be explained away, this is the only one that MIGHT have been partially created from my imagination--but I don't really believe that's the case, for reasons of which I'm about to explain.

A couple months after I started my last job at a gas station, I was left alone to close up the kitchen. After my manager left and I was about to start washing some dishes, I heard a child--perhaps a little girl?--laughing in the back room (which was right next to the kitchen). The store manager sometimes allowed her granddaughter to come in while she waited for said manager to get off, and I thought that's who it was, but when I went to look there was no one there. I chalked it up to imagination and put it in the back of my mind.

A few weeks later the assistant manager and I were talking and--according to him--there was a time where he and a friend of his were talking at work. He was working the night shift, and the two of them were the only ones in the building. Things had slowed down so they were cracking up. One of them made some joke and once they both stopped laughing they heard another, much deeper chuckle from the back area of the building. Both of them were creeped out and the manager went to investigate to see if anyone was there, checked the security footage, and so on. While he said that the laughter hadn't been picked up by the cameras, both he and his friend heard it clearly (and of course, this is assuming he was being honest).

A few more weeks pass, and my boyfriend had started working at the gas station as well. Without having ever been told about my story or the manager's, he came up to me a few hours before leaving and told me that he had heard a voice of an elderly woman chuckle and say, "Mr. Paul." When he turned around, no one was there. Keep in mind that he heard that crystal clear, EVEN THOUGH at the time one of his ears was blocked, and he was having trouble hearing me if I stood right beside him.

At that point I was really curious about what was going on and decided to bring my pendulum to work. I got there thirty minutes before I was scheduled to clock in and hid where I knew no one was likely to find me. I grounded myself and did the usual things one needs to do when they're using pendulums. If you're not familiar with them, I highly suggest you look into them. They're very interesting, very useful, and I can say I've yet to find that something my pendulum guided me to was wrong. When I asked if there was a spirit that was staying in or around the building, it swung "yes." When I asked if said spirit was the same that I and others had been hearing, it swung for yes again.

The next day or so I heard voices talking in the office (which was above the kitchen), but it struck me as strange because no one was supposed to be up there. When I went to investigate the noise had stopped and, of course, no one was there, but when I got back to the kitchen it sounded like there were people talking in the front counter area. I looked there, but there was only one person working for the front counter, and she said she hadn't had a customer in the past twenty or thirty minutes.

I've since quit the job, but I've been thinking about going back to the area to investigate. If I do, and if anything significant or noteworthy happens, I'll be sure to update this.

I'm a female and the youngest out of me and my brother. I have lived in the same house for about 18 years now. I would like to say that I'm a pretty religious person, I go to church and even go to a Catholic school. But I'm not the kind to shove my religion or beliefs down your throat. So naturally I believe in the paranormal and the supernatural.

I was about 12-13 years old when my first paranormal occurrence happened. I have always had a messy room and you know what they says"cleanliness is next to Godliness." Well I was the opposite and had a messy room all the time. Finally something clicked in me that I didn't want a dirty room anymore. So I cleaned my room top to bottom. I threw things out I swept I even rearranged my room. My room is a medium size room. In a square like shape. From the door off to the left is where I originally had my bed. I moved it clear across my room to have it in a completely different spot. So now it was right across from my door and I always slept with my door open to the hallway light would come into my room.

So later that night when I went to bed the hallway light would shine into my room making it hard for me to sleep. Finally I was able to fall asleep with the light shining in my face. Well I always had a thing when I was little that I would wake up in the middle of the night to change my position. I always slept on my stomach or my sides.

Like every other night I woke up to switch from my stomach to my side. Well when I turned around to lay on my side in the darkness I saw this thing. Now I don't know if you guys have ever read the childhood scary book series called Scary Stories to tell in the dark. Well in the first edition there is a small song called the slithery dee (might have spelt wrong). Well in this song page there on the bottom is a creature with a head too big for its body, completely round and it's covered in hair or fur from head to toe. It had a tail and of course claws. Well the thing looked just like it besides it's legs.

In the dark I could see it. It was darker than the night sky. It was looking right at me and it was crawling onto my bed to my legs. But I could tell that when I looked at it it was just as scared of me as I was to it. It froze and stared at me. I freaked out and like any other kid I jumped under my blankets and put a pillow over my head. I didn't feel the thing anymore nor did I hear it. I was debating on whether I scream for my dad or just go back to sleep. I choose to fall back asleep. I couldn't tell if it had left or if it was still on my bed, I couldn't feel it or hear it so as I waited for a half hour, I was in complete horror.

I woke the next day to no clue if the thing was still there or if it was gone. But there was no place for it to hide. I had no underbed and no closet. The only thing I had was messy bedroom for things to hide in but my room was clean and my room stays clean so things like that can't hide.

I don't know what it was and I know for a fact it was not a dream or a shadow. It was real!

As I get older and learn more about things I try and connect it to something, so far all I can think of is that it was a shadow person. Was it there it hurt me? I doubt it. It wouldn't have froze when I looked at it. It would have jumped to the chance. Was it there just to watch me? I don't know. I don't know what it was there for.


I couldn't think of a title so I used this one which does fit:D.

On Friday July 13th I had major back surgery. My back had to be reconstructed. I am now fused from T-8 all the way down to my Sacral area.

The surgery took about 9 hours with 2 surgeons. Problem was they couldn't wake me up in recovery which was a concern for the Doctors,Nurses,and my family.

As for me I was in total darkness for I don't know how long. I mean I don't feel like I'm in my body and I'm wearing normal clothes. Nothing but darkness, time standing still. Suddenly I hear familiar voices, of people who have died. My grandparents are telling me it's okay if I want to let go and come home to them. They say I have been through enough and I need the rest. My father in-law joins in saying the same. I make my decision they are right, I knew going in that I could die. I start feeling lighter and floating but something is stopping me, I feel like I am anchored. I start to panic a little and start to pull at whatever is anchoring me. I gave one more pull and all of a sudden I'm in pain back in my body still trying to pull away. I open my eyes and my best friend had been at the hospital for most of my surgery with my daughter and my husband who works at the hospital. My best friend was the anchor, she had my hand in both of hers and she is praying holding my hand to her heart. I was awake for only a little while but I found out that the nurses had been trying to wake me up for 3 hours and I have to stay in recovery overnight because of my vitals.

They got me up for a short walk on Sunday and sat me in a chair when we got back to my room. I had my left leg over my right and I feel a dog nose on my toe and when I looked I saw an outline of a small fuzzy dog. Many years before they had a dog lab in the infancy of heart surgery to learn procedures. Which made no sense to me when I found out because a dog anatomy is nowhere near that of a human but I guess a heart is a heart (I was at St. Francis Hospital a top Heart Hospital). Then a few seconds later I felt a tap on my head like hey sit straight. Right after that my nurse came in to see how I am and I tell her I want to go back to bed.

I had told the nurse and nurse companions about a problem I had with an air bed like mine in another hospital years ago, it had broken. Thursday night after a long walk with the physical therapist I get back to my room and my bed is broken so they had to get me another bed!

The next day I was discharged and was glad to be home. My son Eric (WhiteWolf) has been an incredible help. He took the New York State Trooper test last year and scored an 89 and made the list of candidates. I am so proud of him.

A couple of weeks later I was very sleepy after my alarm. My daughter didn't like the way I was sitting in the dining room chair so she told me go sit in the recliner in my sleepy state. I told her to F off because in reality she could try the patience of a Saint. I started sleep walking a little while later and was at the kitchen sink waking up trying to figure out why I can't walk and I see what looked like a disembodied fist and forearm and I feel like I got punched in the heart. The hit was so hard it knocked me off my feet and I fell flat on my back knocking the wind out of me. I tried yelling for help but it came out little more than a whisper so I rolled onto my side until I could get the strength to get up myself which took awhile. I finally got up and got Eric, my heart felt funny but I've had anxiety attacks because of my daughter before so as long as I wasn't altered we just put it down to that. Some things would vanish then return after I said put it back.

Sometimes when I sleep in my bed I can feel a dark entity or a black shadow squeezing me from behind.

It feels very warm but it's heavy and sometimes it likes to whisper in my ear or touch me / make love to me. It sounds weird I know but I suspect that it's attracted to me.

When I was in a relationship it happened to me everytime and now that I'm single it happens every 3 / 6 month. Or once in a while.

The last time it happened was really freaky. I could feel this shadow / dark entity kissing me everywhere but I thought that it was my mother or I got at least a sense that it was my own mother and when I woke up I saw that no one was there and then I knew it was maybe the black shadow...

It always happens around 7:00 AM or 9:00 AM o clock in the morning.

I went to a medium and she said that it's attracted to me and it doesn't want anyone else to be in a relationship with me. She could sense it will get angry if anyone has me. And last time I was in a relationship it always haunted me every 3 or 4 day etc and now that I'm out of the relationship it just "visits" me every month etc.

The thing is I can feel that it loves me, and that it cares about me but I hate that it thinks he/she owns me. I'm not scared of it, I just want to know what it is and what I can do about it. This is why I'm writing here.

What is happening and what can I do about it? Is it dangerous and do I need to be afraid or: (?

Please help me.

I do not know how to help my friend whom I now believe is possessed by an evil demon. She has symptoms that have led me to recognize this in her. She now exhibits violent, confrontational anger the drop of a hat, (all of what I describe is new behavior) she is constantly physically busy,working,doing chores, never still... It is pathological. She is accusing, suspicious, insulting and foul mouthed. She changes at the drop of a hat. How can I help her?

She realizes something is wrong and that she has changed. So telling her what I think is wrong with her will not be out of left field for her. She says she believes in God, and I know this to be true. But she does not remotely act like it any more. So what can be done? Is there anything I can do, as far as casting this out of her? I want to help her, but she needs the right help. Her anger infects people and they start taking on her aspects of anger, reactionary accusations and suspicions.

She does possess the classic symptoms of what would be considered spirit possession. She almost lost her life in a car accident last night. I don't want her to die with this kind of thing attached to her. What can be done? Can one person cast this thing out of her? I know it takes some specific steps to help those afflicted with such a thing. My poor friend is suffering and alienating everyone in her life by her radical hateful behavior. People not savvy to the spirit realm think she is crazy, and do not recognize the spiritual sickness. Her home feels heavy. Other friends have mentioned this, and I agree. She is physically violent, feels sick, nauseated all the time, and blames everyone for her bad outcomes or problems. Having known her for about a decade, I know the real her. She was never like what I see now.

She was attacked in her home by a friend who is schizophrenic. He told her during his violent assault that he was there to 'fix ' her and proceeded to beat her to a pulp and we believe he was going to beat her to death if the assault had not been interrupted.

I had a precognition about this assault about 6 weeks before it happened. It was overwhelming. I told her that this particular person was going to try and kill her and to stay away from him. She did not take my counsel, and felt she could handle his schizophrenic episodes. What I foresaw was not like that. She would not be able to handle what he would do to her, as he laid in wait outside her house and attacked her when she arrived home in the foyer of her house. Please, advice would be greatly appreciated and carefully considered. I don't want to forsake my friend and leave her in her misery. Thank you for your response.

The story I will be telling you are the experiences we had in our house. Our house was built about 30yrs ago.

Four years ago, my parents did a bit of remodeling in the house and also rearranged some furnitures. Since then, we experienced a lot of strange things in the house but the most common are the white shadows. You know, those things that you see in your peripheral vision.

I had a few experiences of these white shadows. Since I only saw a glimpse of them or they just remained at my peripheral vision, I ignore them most of the time. There's no point scaring myself especially if I'm the only one in the room or in the house but I'll tell you the experiences I can never forget.

I was brushing my hair in front of our full body mirror when I saw through the reflection in the mirror a boy in white enter the door behind me and passed by, going to the bathroom. I thought he was one of my brothers (I have 4 brothers), so I ignored him and continued brushing my unruly hair. A few seconds later, my brother came in the door behind me... The same brother who I thought came in a while ago! Turning around, I asked him, "Didn't you just enter a while ago? I thought you came in and went to the CR."

"No," he replied. Apparently, he was outside when he saw someone in white come in and he just followed him inside. I stared at him for a few seconds before I felt goosebumps all over my body.

The next experience was when my brother (the same brother above) and I were watching TV. Our TV is on a table beside the door adjacent the full body mirror. I was sitting on a chair in front of the TV while my brother is sitting on another chair on my left, our open front door behind him. I saw a child in white enter the house through the front door running then went through the other door beside the TV. I looked at my brother and asked, "Who was it? Was it V?" (Let's just call our youngest brother as 'V'.)

"I'm not sure," my brother replied. "I saw two of them. One went to the CR while the other one went upstairs."

It's easy to ignore if I'm the only one who saw it but both of us? Furthermore, he saw 2 while I only saw 1. From where he's sitting, he would be able to see more than me inside the house.

I was starting to feel scared but also worried, I called for our youngest brother. I called several times but there was no answer. Mustering some courage, I went to the bathroom and also checked upstairs to look for him. No surprise, I found no one. There's only 2 of us inside the house.

By the way, both of these experiences happened in broad daylight.

Also, my brother also has an active third eye so he can definitely see more paranormal stuff.

Not only me but my siblings also had several experiences like this. There was one time that they were playing something on the bed when I came down from the bedroom upstairs and went behind them, asking what they were doing which they simply answered, "playing." Afterwards, I went to the bathroom.

All these happened while I was upstairs, playing games on the computer so they were shocked when I came down the stairs and peered over them, asking them what they were doing. "Didn't you just asked that a few moments ago? And we thought you went to the bathroom," they told me. Spooky, isn't it?

I don't know but for some reason an entity or entities that haunts our house always copy our forms but they are always in white. Fortunately, it never harmed us.

A few months after the remodeling, mother rearranged the furnitures again. One of the things that was moved was the full body mirror that was facing the door beside the TV.

It was only after some time that we noticed that the white shadows had already stopped appearing. Then, I think I finally knew the reason why they appeared in the first place. We have an old 'pamahiin' or belief in the Philippines. Mirrors are not to be placed in front of doors because its bad luck.

In some cultures, mirrors are a gateway of the spirits and placing it in front of doors can open that gateway, enabling the spirits or other entities pass through. I guess that's what happened in our house. Ever since the mirror was moved, the hauntings finally stopped.


