I have a few stories to tell. 

One day I was laying in bed with my hands under my pillow when a hand just pet the top of my head.

I started screaming.

My partner ran in and said honey what's wrong I just told her that something pet my head and she said don't worry I'm right here. 

She left the door open, left the room and I said go away.

The next morning I got up and the door was closed, thinking my partner closed it I went to open it and it wouldn't open, 

I used a little more force but it still wouldn't open so then I used 2 hands and tugged as hard as I could and it just swung open. 

I went and asked my partner if she closed the door and she said no.

I'm pretty sure many of you are familiar with the term sleep paralysis. 


I, unfortunately was a victim of it. Moreover, it happened to me on New Year's Day of 2015.

Me and my partner were out of town for a short New Year's countdown holiday.

This trip was actually an impromptu one; having booked air tickets and accommodation on the last week of December 2014. Due to the Christmas and New Year holiday period, most hotels were already fully booked and we had to stay in three different hotels over the six days we were there.

This incident happened during our stay on the second hotel: a 4 star service apartment where all the local hip clubs are. The hotel looks decent enough, not the sort of place you would expect to be haunted. Amenities around the vicinity of the hotel were pretty good; many good restaurants and supermarkets. Reviews were good as well, with minor complains on the quality of the room and it being a little worn down.

It was supposed to be a 2 night stay at this hotel until we switched again. We checked into the hotel on the 30th of Dec. 2014. 

The receptionist gave us the key to a room on the fifth floor. 

As I travel quite often and also being a 'be safe than sorry' kind of person, the first thing I always do before I enter a hotel room is to always knock on the door three times or ring the door bell (if there was one) as a polite gesture to 'notify the occupants' that I will be entering and staying. 

I vividly remembered, immediately after I opened the main door, the door to the bedroom opened itself! 

I'm pretty sure it wasn't because the chambermaid did not close the bedroom door properly after cleaning the room and the draft and pressure from the opening of the main door had caused the bedroom door to creep open, but because I heard the sound of the bedroom doorknob being turned. 

I could have swore also that I saw a shadow darted quickly into the bedroom instantly.

My partner was standing behind me so she didn't see the 'shadow' but she did witness the bedroom door opening by itself.

Both of us looked at each other and both of us had the same thought.

We went down to the reception and after explaining the situation, with dismay and disbelief from the hotel staff of cause, politely requested a room change, but due to the peak holiday period the only available room left was at the corner on the ground floor and we are left to no avail but to accept it.

Come to think about it, I suspect that that room might be a room most typical hotels leave vacant for 'regular occupants'.

The room seemed okay and after we settled, we headed out for our activities for the day and came back quite late as we went to a nearby club to party. Nothing happen during the first night.

We woke up in the afternoon, showered, changed and went out.

We ended our countdown and went back to our hotel around 1 am.

Now apart from the first night which was okay, the first thing I noticed immediately after I entered the room was the warmth and stuffiness I felt.

I adjusted the air con's temperature in the bedroom as well as the living room but the funny thing is, moments after that the room will be very warm and then gradually feels cold again and sporadically feels warm again.

Thinking that it might be attributed to the fact that we have been out the whole day and the tiredness is starting to creep in, I shrugged it off as being weary.

I've had paranormal experiences since I was a child,having a special gift of precognition and very accurate intuition.

When I was younger I found these experiences frightening, but the older I get the more laid back I am about things and just find them interesting.

I also have a very healthy scepticism, and will always look for logical explanations for anything unusual.


I had booked our hotel accommodation online - just a local 3 star hotel in close proximity to the World Heritage site of the old city.

We arrived early in the afternoon, checked in and left our bags in our room and went out to explore the ruins of the ancient city.

Due to jetlag catching up with us, we didn't last long and were back around 5 pm having an early dinner in the hotel restaurant, before retiring to our room. 


I was a bit concerned about security, especially our passports and money, so I not only locked the door, but put the chain latch across it, before putting everything into the room safe. 

As it was still early and still light outside I switched off all the lights and closed the window blinds. By 7 pm we were both dead to the world.

In the middle of the night I suddenly came to consciousness with the overwhelming feeling that there was someone in the room. 

I gradually gained enough courage to slowly open my eyes. 

Every single light was on in the room - overhead, side lamps, as well as the entry light. 

I thought someone had broken into the room, so waited and listened for sounds or movement. 

When I didn't hear anything I got up and checked the hallway and then the bathroom. 

Not surprising as the chain latch was still in position and it would have been impossible for anyone to have entered the room without making a noise. 

I checked the safe and nothing had been tampered with. 

I glanced at the bedside alarm clock and noted that it was 3 am. 

Having seen the local Thai poles and wires I just assumed it was some weird glitch with the electricity, so I switched off all the lights and went back to sleep.

The next day my partner and I went out for another exhausting day of visiting ruins and museums, and once again were felled early in the evening with jetlag. 

In the middle of the night my partner woke me up, in a panic telling me that there was someone in the room. 

This time the room was completely dark. 

I reassured her that there was no one in the room and gently urged her to go back to sleep. 

I looked at the time - 3 a.m. Roughly the same time as the night before. 

I realised then that I hadn't been imagining anything the previous night. 

I didn't tell my partner about my experience as I didn't want to frighten her.

The next day on returning from breakfast my partner noted that unlike all the other hotel room doors which were decoratively carved teak, our room door was plain white pine.

She was absolutely convinced the room was haunted. 

Nearly all the houses will have a spirit house outside the house - like a small dollhouse complete with miniature furniture and food offerings in order to accommodate household spirits and lure them away from the household.

Before I could stop her, she told the staff at the hotel front desk that there was a ghost in the room. 

The alarmed and frightened looks on the front desk staff faces indicated that they knew there was a story with the room. 

While out and about that final day I picked up a protective shield Buddha amulet from a roadside seller.

I also did some spiritual protection for both me and my partner on the third and final night, before telling whatever it was that it had to move on into the light.

Whether it was the amulet, the psychic protection, or acknowledging the presence, we finally had a quiet night without any disturbance. 

I've had quite a few paranormal experiences in my life, but have never experienced multiple lights turning on by themselves like that.

So to cut the long story short, after we showered and were getting ready for bed, I started to hear faint tapping noise like fingernails tapping on wooden hollow planks or cheap plywood. 

The tapping noise sounded random and inconsistent, for example 2 taps  pause then a few short burst of taps  pause  etc. 

I cannot pinpoint the location of the tapping as firstly it was faint and distant and secondly, being in a room situated on the ground floor, the outside ambiance noise was drowning it out.

I tried not to think about it and I also did not wish to further freak my partner out. But I paid close attention to it nonetheless. 

Within 20 minutes my partner was fast asleep, but I, on the other hand cannot sleep at all.

I felt very uneasy as if there was something or someone watching us. 

Furthermore, the difference in temperature made me sweat and froze as the same time, it also felt nauseating just to be in the room. I felt heavy and 'weighted down'. 

The tapping noises were also beginning to feel or sound louder and this time I can pinpoint it being on or around the wall dividing the bedroom and the living room. 

I was beginning to feel really tired and sleepy but every time I closed my eyes, I would feel the uneasiness weighing heavily on me and my inner voice was telling me to stay awake.

At around 3 AM, and I can honestly say that I do not know whether I was sleeping or if it was a dream, it felt as if I was sleeping and awake at the same time, it was a very surreal kind of feeling. 

In the dream, I awake to find the toilet light switched off, (which was actually on with the door slightly ajar), the room was dark with faint light shining in through the window from the parking lot outside and I can make out the area in the room. 

I felt petrified and wanted to get out of the bed to check out what was wrong.

This was when the 'thing' appeared. 

It appeared on the side the bed on my right, it was dark and shaped like a person. 

I could shout, I wanted to get up but it sat on me (it felt distinctly as if it was a person's butt sitting on my stomach, literally feeling the shape and softness of the buttocks and hardness of the hip bone kind of feeling). 

With my hands on the blanket, I tried to spring myself up from the bed using my elbows on the bed as support. 

The thing grabbed both my wrists (I swear I literally felt fingers digging into both my wrist and its grip tightened) and pushed me down on to the bed. I panicked and uttered so loudly Buddhist chants that I woke up (or was I already awake) to find my partner, eyes wide opened, stunned, paled face staring at me.

That thing was nowhere in sight and I could move again. 

I did not tell her my experience immediately but instead got up, switched on all the lights in the bedroom and living room and starting cursing and swearing (I read somewhere or was it someone who told me, can't remember, that if you do that, 'they' will be scare off by the anger and the earthly presence) while pacing up and down the living room and searching through the internet for hotel rooms.

I booked a new hotel and managed to pacify my partner back to sleep, packed our bags and I stayed awake until 6 am in the morning. We checked out and left the place. 

The receptionist still asked me if everything was okay, I didn't even bother to explain, I just wanted to get out.

After we checked into the new place, I told my partner what happened. 

Guess what? She also felt uneasy but did not want to alarm me as she thought it might be due to her weariness as well. 

Furthermore, she said while she was asleep, she can feel hand or hands caressing her body.

After what she told me, the fear actually turned to anger.

I was laying on the couch because I felt like sleeping on the couch. 

I turned towards the hallway when two blobs slowly floated from my room to my partner's room. 

I started to cry because this was just after the first story. 

My partner came to me because she heard me and she was on the computer which was about 5 feet from me. 

She came over and asked what was wrong and I looked really scared. 

I pointed towards the hallway and said 2 things just floated by my room into your's. 

She said it was nothing and just my imagination.

This all happened at my old house and I think my partner knew it was haunted but just didn't want to scare me. 

A mThis might sound weird but this happens mostly in the bathroom. 

Sometimes when I'm in there I hear people whisper my name or say hey what's up. 

I get really scared and they still talk today. 

Only once in a while I hear footsteps on the part of the roof I can see. 

Sometimes it will happen in my room. 

I have no idea what it could be. Tell me what you think and what it could be.

There was a shadow standing there leaning on a tree (my house is surrounded by woods) and there was something on its head. 

The next day I asked my neighbor if she knew what it was, and she said that people used to walk around the woods a long time ago. 

And deep in the woods a house burned down and the 2 people that lived there died in the fire.

Weeks ago I was off with my very close friend to the beach. 

It was the first time for us to travel that far away from home, the first night was always the hardest... We both suffered jetlag and could not sleep...

We have both checked-in to our room and I went and took a shower. 

I found that there were some hair in the bath tub, I shook it off and thought that the house-keeping whom came for the room make-up must have been lazy.

After taking a shower I realize that my friend was looking at something behind the picture that was hanging on the wall.

(What is it?),, I asked my friend. She turned around and made a "Yikes!" face.

huh? She pointed at the behind of the picture signed to me that I had to come see it.

I looked at it and it seemed to me that it looked like an amulet. 

I told her that it may be something cultural in this place to put an amulet behind a picture.

Are you sure? She asked. I told her that I will ask the front desk what that was about. 

We chatted through the night and got readied for the next day

The next day, I ask one of the hotel staff if there is a custom here to stick an amulet behind a picture, "No, but some people believe that if you find an amulet behind a picture in a hotel room, then that room is where some people had passed away. But don't worry, our hotel is safe. Have a good day, sir! Have a good day, madam!" and so we shook it off and went to eat our breakfast. (Half of it was because she had a quite heavy accent and we wanted to get away quick because of starvation.)

We went to the famous temple and I tried to seek for information about haunted spots around here, most information that I got was prison and war-grounds, where none of tourists like us could reach.

My friend was sleepy all day and had been sleeping in the bus when we are moving in-between spots (tourist spots). 

When the bus stopped, my friend woke and said hey, remember the staff said nothing happened? But we found the amulet, right? I have heard of those rumors as well. 

I teased her and said to her that she was thinking too much, as I will always advice people in this case, I told her Do not let fear conquer you, she nodded in a bad mood, I wonder if she disagreed my point or just sleepy.

We went back to our hotel to enjoy a dinner concert of an infamous local band or are they hotel's band? Old classical music and songs of the 90's, my friend said that she wanted to go back to the room and so we finished up our dinner and took a bottle of red wine up to our room to enjoy (it was cheap so we wanted to have some mood, we did not win a bingo game or any lotto tokens, oh yes we were in heaven).

As we went up to our room, by the elevator, I felt that something was watching us. 

I thought I was a little drunk, and told my friend that I may have only 1 glass for that night.

When we reach our room both of us felt a temperature change, it was very cold. 

I thought it was the air conditioner and so I switched it off for a while. 

The room was still very cold and very I could feel something was watching us.

My friend made the "see?" face and she was packing and got ready to move, I did not know what to do and so I packed my things as well and called the front desk to request for a room change. 

We called out the duty manager and explained our situation to her and had told her about the amulet behind the picture.

The staff quickly arranged our new room and we moved along with them. We moved to a bigger room with better facilities. There was a balcony where we can see city view. My friend was happy about it and had quickly forgotten about what had happened (at least it seemed she had forgotten about it).

Days after when we were back  home, I told some of my friends about what had happened. 

Most said that the room is haunted, when they hear that part about the amulet. 

A few said that if we find hair especially long hair being cut off and spread around most probably someone could have had an incantation ritual in the room. 

I did a research too about the hotel that we stayed in; there is news back in the end of 80s that there was a fire in the hotel and 13 guests were killed...

No matter what, the first room that we stayed was indeed spooky, the hair left in the bath tub, the amulet behind the picture, sudden temperature changes, the feeling of someone watching... All that. Our trip was good but just a little eerie.

After a few minutes of getting settled and ready to sleep, the footsteps started again outside the front door and the windows about where we were laying down!

What do you all think? Ghosts? Maybe the footstep thing could've been a normal person, a stalker or something, but what do you think about the other stuff that's happened?

This happened about 5 years ago. 

I had just started to do sleepovers at my partner's house. She lived in a 3 stories family house with sister on 1st, a friend on 2nd and my partner on 3rd. Her partner was living with her at the time so we would stay at her partner's on the 2nd. She was at her partner's house on weekends.

My partner had gotten up and kiss me goodbye, she had a early shift at work. 

I rolled over on my side and was about to go to sleep when I heard someone walk into the bedroom and go to the jewelry on the dresser. I thought maybe it was my partner coming in for something. 

I said,, "Honey" ,,and was rolling over back to see my partner when at the corner of my eye I saw a dark figure walk by me. I got really scared because I realized it was not my partner. I heard the "figure" walk from the kitchen to the living room. I was too scared to follow it.

I quickly called my partner and told her to get the house as soon as possible. She came home to find me under her mother's covers. She at first thought it was her partner coming into the house but she locked the doors. And there is no other way to get into the 2nd floor. Her sister was not home, she was away for the weekend. This was not the last time we experienced something at the house. When I told her friend about it she said she had experienced things like that often in her house.

Well, just yesterday me and my friend were hanging out. 

We were walking around and she started talking about an old factory building where "satan worshipers" would go and perform rituals. 

She showed me the window of the room (the whole factory is fenced off with no way in because soon it will be torn down) and under the window is spray-painted the satanic symbol made to look as if it's dripping blood.

We continued walking around the building and I began snapping pictures of all the broken windows. I gotten home and began looking at them. I noticed something in one of the windows. It looks like a demonic face!

I showed a few people and they also see the face. There was nothing in the room or on the ceiling so what else could it be? 

I think it may be the same room as the satanic rituals were performed. The symbol was in the back of the building under the room and I think this picture is the front of the room, believe it or not.

I was also told two guys went in the room not too long ago and said the room had a weird feel to it... 

My friend is very receptive and open to the supernatural (I could be here all day listing her experiences). 

She hears voices and sees things so maybe she managed to "bring" this ghost out?

I don't know. What do you think?

When my partner was younger, she moved from other country to here, and settled into the house which my grandma still lives in. My partner tells me the house was always weird and she'd always hear things.

At night, she would be in her bedroom on the second floor and hear someone walking up the stairs. But nobody ever emerged onto the second floor, all she heard were footsteps. 

In the basement, when you put your ear to the wall, you could hear someone heavily breathing through the concrete.

I always knew the house was a bit off and sort of creepy, but until the past summer, I now know someone definitely haunts the house, and I had the experience of seeing my first ghost.

Me and my younger sister decided to sleep over my grandma's house one day over the summer. 

School was starting in a few weeks so I think it was towards the end of August when this happened.

We slept fine through the night but I opted to keep the television on while we fell asleep because we were both nervous about sleeping with the lights off in her house.

The next morning we ate breakfast, watched some tv, and I decided to go upstairs and gather my things because my grandma had to go to work in an hour so we were leaving soon. 

I grabbed my backpack and set it on the bed. I was looking down at the bed as I put my stuff inside it, but I could see the doorway out of the corner of my eye.

This is one of the creepiest things that I've ever experienced. 

As I was glancing down at my bad, I saw a very pale woman with white hair in a white nightgown stagger by the doorway. 

Then I heard the light switch in the other room being flicked up and down for about 10 seconds. Then it stopped and I waited for someone to emerge from the room. 

I thought maybe it was my grandma or sister. 

This still gives me the chills when I think about it; I stepped into the other room and looked around and NOBODY WAS THERE. 

I looked around all on the second floor (it's not that big-- a bathroom, 2 bedrooms, and a small living room with the door to the attic). 

Nobody was there at all, it was just ,,me! I got freaked out as I clumsily stuffed the rest of my stuff in my bag and ran downstairs. I didn't go back up there that day.

I told my partner about it after and she translated it to my grandma. She got creeped out. 

My partner told me that when her great-grandma was still living and quite often fell down the stairs (she lived with them), that often it felt as though someone pushed her hard.

A few months ago I was in the backyard and out of the corner of my eye I saw a little girl in a blue dress run by and go behind the bushes. When I looked, nobody was there. My partners and siblings were there, but none of them wore a blue dress.

I'd really like to see the history of this house, but I don't know how I do that.

I'd like to share the strangest of the strangers, I've had here but first I need to explain this: I live in a 3rd story apartment building on the 1st floor. 

Before this became an apartment building, I believe the first floor was a laundromat and a store back in the day. Half was the laundromat, half was the store.

Due to the rules the landlord had set, she had to be kept in the basement. 

My grandfather built her a cute little house-looking thing for her to be kept in. 

One night I went downstairs to feed her. 

Keep in mind I've ALWAYS thought the basement was eerie. 

As I was was facing her cage and putting the bowl of water inside, a big shadow appeared behind me, as if a big, tall man were standing behind me. 

I turned around and nobody was there, but I got the distinct feeling that I was being watched. 

I basically dropped the water bowl and ran upstairs yelling for my partner. Ever since then I can't go down there alone.

Last year, my partner was doing the dishes in the kitchen. We don't have a dishwasher, so she would set the dishes in the plastic dish dryer next to the sink. 

We talked for a moment and I left the room for a second. 

When I came back my partner exclaimed, "Did you do that?!", I said ,"Huh?", and she pointed to where the wet dishes were drying. There was a glass placed perfectly straight and standing up on top of all the dishes. It wasn't there when I left the room and I was only gone for about 3 seconds. Not to mention the glass wasn't even wet...

My room has to be the room I feel most creeped out in. 

Once I was trying to get to sleep, and I sleep with the lights off. 

All of sudden I felt the urge to leave the room, almost like a gut feeling, but I couldn't get out of my bed, I was too scared. 

The feeling of someone peering at me was so intense, I was physically afraid to move or breathe. 

I opened my blinds to let the street light in (my lamp is across the room), thinking the light would help me feel better to move. That did nothing. 

I must have sat there on my bed for about fifteen minutes before I leapt out of my bed and out my room. I didn't sleep in there that night. 

I've never felt anything so intense!

I couldn't sleep. Literally,, It was almost as if someone was trying to physically keep me awake. Every time I closed my eyes and almost drifted off to sleep my eyes would snap open in terror. It's like I was scared to sleep, like someone wouldn't let me. I finally fell asleep around five thirty in the morning.

Then there's all the little things, like seeing things in the corner of my eye, 

hearing doors open or close when I'm home alone, 

the feeling of being watched. 

Once when my sister wasn't home (we share a room) I heard someone breathing from her bed and heard the sheets rustle. 

Last week, I felt someone poking me in the shoulder when I was alone in my room. 

Over Christmas break, I had sleep paralysis three times. Sometimes (actually... quite often) I'll be looking at something and I'll see one or more contorted, angry faces.

I realize that when one is looking for something to happen, or creeps themselves out, they can make things happen or imagine it. These are the moments in which I know nothing was imagined, so I wanted to share them and get your opinions.


Two days after her death, still not believing she was gone. 

I decided to pay a visit after giving her some space to grieve. 

We were sitting in her sister's room reminiscing about Big Mama and how much we already missed her.

That night I cried, and realized she was in Heaven where she belonged. 

We haven't gotten anymore visits from her since that day, but I know she's here still playing and sleeping and waiting to have her tummy rubbed.

I've had paranormal encounters for a couple of years now. I was around the age of 10 when a young woman started visiting me a few times a week. 

The girl was beautiful but looked so creepy. She had long dark knee-length hair and wore a long white gown with a chain or two around her neck. 

I never knew how to react but I know one thing for sure... It scared the living hell outta me.

The first time I ever saw her was in the basement of my old house. 

I was downstairs washing clothes for church the next day and I felt as though I was being watched so I turned around with my back against the washer and saw the woman standing in the corner of the basement. 

I just froze I was in shock yet angry at the same time. 

She stood there with her hands to her sides and her head back and tilted. 

I stood there for a few seconds and ran upstairs. 

I was the only one home so I ended up going to my neighbors house next door.

As the weeks went by I become so miserable and paranoid. 

I ended up seeing the woman.


I was in gym class and me and a few of my friends were sitting against a wall chatting away. 

I turned my head away for a second and saw the women sitting on the stage step (gym was huge and mini 1-step stage at the end of the gym). 

The woman stared at me and was walking back and forth with her hands behind her back. 

Another time I saw the woman I was at my fathers house.

My mother was asleep and I sat in she hall playing with my fathers rottweiler, I looked up and right at the end of the hall where the kitchen leads I see the woman standing there staring at me, I noticed that whenever I saw her, her hair was either straighten or in ringlets and sometimes the gown she wore had blue polka dots on it and always had the chain around her neck and waist as if it were a belt.

The woman never harmed me but always had me paralyzed with fear. 

The most action ever seeing that woman was on the same day, my mother's dog lifted her head from my lap and growled looking at the exact same direction that the ghostly woman in chains was.


I just couldn't imagine that after people left us here on earth that they could come back to us at times. This belief was about to be seriously tested.

One day my mother informed me that a psychic medium would be at my aunt's house and asked if I would like to go seeing as the year before I had lost my grandfather and great-grandmother just months apart. I figured I would go, but I had reservations because I had heard of a lot of scams involving psychic mediums. This one was different.

She refused to hear anything about our loved ones or who we wanted to contact and we were not permitted to say more than yes or no. We began the session and I waited and waited for someone to show up and just when I was giving up, she said my great grandmother appeared behind me. Her physical description of her was perfect, same with her personality and health. She pinpointed the reason she died and certain personality traits were right on the money.

Some things she told me just didn't add up though. I wrote everything she told me down and showed my parents when I got home. The things that didn't add up? They were all TRUE. It just so happened that I didn't know about those things in her life, so how could she have known? 

Although I did not get to personally see my grandmother as an actual apparition, my belief in spirits is completely solid. Just knowing that she is there is enough. Hopefully one day I will actually witness the woman who practically raised me.

I feel so comforted to know that my grandmother really is still with me no matter where I go or what I do.


My partner second partner, now married nearly 17years and I simply love this house even in the state it's in currently. 6 years ago, mid fall we had asked a friend to watch our kids and had gone out on a date night. 

After dinner as we drove around the place, we drove past the house it was about 11 PM and it was just something to do... 

As we passed we looked at each other and asked,,, "Did you see...?" 

We kind of talked over each other because we had both seen what appeared to be a black door on the front of the house, what's more it looked like there were lights on either side of it. I turned around on a nearby street and we returned to the house.

Pulling up near it we got out and walked towards the front door, hoping that someone had started restoring the old house. The shrubs and trees were still overgrown but we could see the lights on either side of the door as we approached, once fully in front of the house we realized that the porch lights flickered as if they were gas lanterns and the door was a glossy black color with a brass knocker with windows on either side. 

We stood there, more confused than scared wondering why someone had started the restoration like this. The front of the house looked, well, not new, but well cared for, as if it had never fallen into disrepair.

We stood there thinking about knocking on the door and then deciding not to because we needed to get home. We left, drove off and talked about it all the way home... The one thing we both agreed on was that if we had knocked we knew...KNEW... Someone would answer.


We got home, and went to bed ourselves. 

Next day while we were out we happened to be on the same road that the house is on and as we drove past we noticed that the front was still all boarded up, windows, door, all of it. No work had been done, there was no fresh paint nothing.

We still talk about this every once in a while and we are still both convinced that someone would have opened that door and asked us inside, but into where?


I was monitoring the entryway cameras and I saw a woman, dressed in a full dress officer uniform (early 1900's style). 

She even wore the hat and had a long hair. 

As the shock of seeing her wore off I realized that this individual had entered in from a door that is locked overnight and on week-ends without setting off the alarm, that it was 3 AM and that she was wearing a winter uniform and we were already wearing our summer whites.

I called the patrol, she was on the same floor as this door and she headed right for it. 

Before long I saw her on the camera, but she had not seen or heard anybody enter the building or walking the hallway. 

She had felt a cold breeze pass her in the hall, but had seen and heard nothing. I had her complete her patrol and rejoin me on the quarterdeck.

I had pulled up the camera footage of this woman entering the building and it was my partner who noticed something I hadn't noticed before. 

The door the woman had entered from never opened, at least not on camera. We watched this many, many times and sure enough this apparition walks right through the door and up the hallway leaving the cameras view with-in about 4-5 steps.

I wish I could have made a copy of this footage, but of course I couldn't. One of the hazards of being enlisted, the equipment is not yours nor is anything you record on watch.

Just past the entrance to the athletic fields there is a dirt road that exits off on the right hand side. This small dirt road travels about 300-500 yards, then turns left and travels about 200-300 yards, and comes back out. Down at the "L" formed by this old dirt road you come to 2 historic cemeteries.

The first one on the left, the second across the road on the right (they are both at the turn of the dirt road).

As you drive you can see all the way down the dirt road to where it turns. 

I know about this road and it's cemeteries because I had attended a 'ghost hunt' there with a couple of guys from my ship and some college students, but I learned about that too late.


I saw a misty shape down at the far end of the road. 

From my angle it looked to be an old fashioned horse drawn hearse. I slowed my car as I passed the entrance to this dirt road, and tried to get a better look. It still appeared to be just what I thought I'd seen, a horse drawn hearse, but made out of fog or mist.

I put on my blinker, knowing that the road I had been looking down rejoined not too far ahead, and when it did, I turned onto it.

As I reached the point where I had to turn right, I saw what appeared to be a thick fog dissipating under the brightness of my headlights. As it did so, I made out the form of the 'upper' part of the hearse. I saw the figure of a man in a top hat holding the horses reigns. The shape of torches on either side of the front of the hearse. I could see the top portion of the hearse, all the way back to the rear, where there were two more torch shapes on the rear corners of the hearse. I took all this in as it faded away, as if being torn apart in the wind.

I stopped the car and got out and looked around. I could no longer see any mist, but I did hear the loud snort of a horse. The right side of my face got suddenly damp. 

As I wiped at my cheek, I got back in my car, and just sat there for a few minutes. I then said a quick thank you to "the Powers that Be", and those that rested there, for letting me see such a site.

Years later, my partner told me that when she moved the mobile home around, she found the turtle's shell underneath the house. No other bones other than its shell and it were lying in the crawlspace underneath that was completely inaccessible. No one was allowed to go in there. And I wouldn't due to all of the cobwebs. In short there were no holes or such that would've allowed the turtle to crawl directly into the crawlspace.

The most significant event was the late night one. I remember it fairly well even though it was years ago. my partner and i were in the master bedroom, and I had just woken up for no apparent reason. Something wasn't right about the house.

Why I couldn't tell at the time. Then I heard footsteps near the front door. But it was more than just footsteps, I could sense it. I was lying on my right side and I could feel that my pajama tops were pushed up near my diaphragm (again, I was always a restless sleeper).

Lying there I could here my partner snoring in her bedroom and sis was just snuffling a bit in her sleep. 

And there was someone in the living room slowly walking towards the bedrooms as if trying to keep from making any noises. 

But it couldn't prevent the slight depression its weight made upon the floor when it passed the wall between it and me, at which point I was definitely very nervous. 

I thought about yelling, but I just couldn't for some reason. Then the door to my bedroom opened. I could tell because I could feel the slight breeze generated by the door as it swung open, upon my half bare back. 

At this point I had my eyes firmly shut, due to the notion that whatever it was, I simply MUST NOT look at it which would have been difficult since I was lying and facing the wall, and not towards the door. Now at this point I could sense it. 

It was and still is difficult to describe. It was there and it had mass. I could feel it nearby only a foot or two away from me, yet I also felt that it was WRONG.

Some un-nameable part of my senses told me that it was somehow less than it should be. Now as I lay there experiencing all of this, it moved. 

It put something upon my back. It felt like a hand, but cold and it stayed attached to my back. 

It had a sort of a sticky feel to it. I was a bit incensed at this so I decided I was going to shift over to my left side and open my eyes and then confront it which I proceeded to do, with my back touching the sheets along the way, and definitely feeling something between me and the sheets, right along my spine.

I was nerving myself up to flinch open my eyes and see it when I felt a tickling along my right side belly (still exposed). 

I soon realized what it was: a hand trying to reach over and get whatever it was attached to my back. 

The hand felt feathery light as if it was trying very hard to not let it touch my skin. 

The number of fingers felt different too. Like it did not have enough fingers, or no thumb attached to its hand. I quickly lost my resolve to confront it at that point.

After feeling it fumble after the attachment, I turned back onto my right side to give it ready access. At this point, my fear increased dramatically for some reason. 

I could almost feel its skeptical attitude about my being fully asleep. 

Finally, after what seemed too long, it reached out and took the thing from my back. I could feel some of my skin pulled out for a bit when it pulled it off. It pinched a bit. I was even more scared at that point as I suddenly realized I couldn't hear it breathing. There seemed to be some kind of residue that still clung to my back. It was placed along what would've been the bottom of my thoracic vertebra to near the top of my pelvis. Finally after a while I heard it stomp back the way it came in and exit the house. At that point I was so exhausted that I fell asleep again.

Naturally I was met with complete and utter skepticism from my partner. I persisted with the notion that it was for real. At which point my partner decided that I was no longer going to be allowed to watch some of my favorite T.V. Shows, (The Night Stalker, Outer Limits, and the Twilight Zone), which angered me to no end. That also taught me the importance of keeping my mouth shut amongst non-believers concerning my experiences of which I've had many more.

I've had a lot of predictive dreams since then. I've had the occasional vision, a couple of UFO sightings, eerie feelings, and some truly incredible hunches. For the longest time in high school I annoyed my family and friends by saying "Hello" whenever they called, and invariably I was right. This was long before Caller I.D.


In retrospect, my childhood "night terror" was NOT a hallucination


Our home was a large Duplex ,, it was built by the town mill to house the workers. 

My grandfather worked for the mill & bought the house,, when my grandfather passed away,, my family came to live on one side and my grandmother lived on the other until her death.

Myself & 4 siblings shared the appt with our parents and one by one, my siblings went to college, got married etc... And they all moved away. 

Me being the youngest, decided to stay with my partner, live the life & have fun for a bit. 

My siblings all passed away, so my partner & I lived alone until I met mrs wonderful in 1997. We got married a short time later and stayed with my partner until her passing in 1998.

All went well for awhile & then we started noticing things like things just plain dissapearing and later they would reappear in the same spot in which they were put!

A few years later I started renovating the other side of the house & the tennants mentioned hearing things like footsteps etc... I just passed it up as being my grandparents "checking up" on the place & told the tennants not to worry as they were very nice people in life.

Awhile later, we ended up moving to the other side as our side was in need of renovations & we heard noises and had lights,tv's,lamps etc... Turn on by themselves & often in pictures you can see "orbs" hovering over whomever is in the pics.


One question I have is, should I tell the new owner about this or just wait to see if they bring it up? As I said, whatever is there never bothered anyone but will it be different if somebody new is there?


I moved to a new apartment in a different city. A couple of nights I'd hear a woman's voice calling my name. Twice this happened at 3 in the morning, and after that I woke up everyday for 3 months at the same time. 

I'm the kind of person that when I go to bed I don't wake up until that alarm clock rings. It could thunder and I wouldn't even wake up. 

Then I started to find things missing, and appear in places that I normally don't put them. I used to say out loud, "Who are you? What do you want? Do you need anything? I can't help you if you don't tell me."

I spoke about this to a local Priestress and told her my situation; I asked her if she could come by and bless my apartment. 

After the blessing of my apartment, she told me it was a mischievous ghost; harmless. It has been 4 months and I hadn't had any problems until last Saturday at 6:30 am. 

I heard my name being called twice. May I say that I live in a 3 story apartment building on the 3rd floor, second floor has been empty since before I moved in and the first floor tenants were away for the weekend.

I got up and checked the door and out the window. No one was around...

I'm not afraid, just don't like to be called when no one is answering me.

So far nothing else has happened.

When I was young I used to move around a lot. I used to, as my mother put it, "Strive for attention" from stupid things. That's what she categorized this as.

At about the age of 10 when we first moved into the old house I had never had a paranormal experience. 

I had seen shows and read books about things like that but they never happened to me so I thought that they were mostly made up. My room was on the third floor. There were three floors in this house. 

My mother and younger sister had their rooms on the second floor but to be difficult I decided that I wanted to sleep alone on the third floor.

One night while I was sitting in my room reading a book I thought I saw a shadow out of the corner of my eye. I shrugged it off because this house was old so I thought it was just the place I was in playing tricks on me. The shadow didn't move and I still ignored it. 

When my older sister came home from collage I let her sleep in my room with me because I kept seeing the shadow but I wanted to be brave and sleep in my own room. 

A couple nights into her break home from collage I woke up to music. 

It sounded like a little child singing "One, Two buckle my shoe, Three, Four, shut the door" a soft giggle then there was a soft click and the bathroom door had shut. 

I quickly scrambled into bed with my sister who looked at me. She had been up listening to the whole thing. I remember asking her...

"what was that?" and her answering "I don't know just stay with me and we will be fine" We both sat there shaking.

The next morning my mother was sitting at the kitchen table when we came bolting down the stairs. I launched into the whole story and my mother laughed.

She said softly touching my face,

"Honey ,,,,it was all in your imagination"

My sister shook her head and told my partner that it wasn't just me hearing this. She sighed and sent us on our way thinking that she was helping me get some attention. She ignored it until one night we were all sitting in the kitchen eating dinner. We were sitting there and all of a sudden there was giggling going on in my little sister's room. Then there were footsteps and more laughing.

My partner went up stairs to check and there was no one there. She insisted that it was all our imaginations and continued to ignore it until about a year after we moved into the house. No one had been harmed but since she was watching Anna and I and trying to hold down a job she sold the house.

The people that bought it turned out to know who lived there before us. 

there used to be a family that lived there that had 9 kids. 

The two youngest girls died there one after the other due to disease. We haven't been back to the house since but we haven't had anymore paranormal experiences since then.



I have started to feel a tail being brushed along my leg. I thought it was a cat at first, but I have also heard anoter croaks sound in my living room.


But now I feel she is protecting me from harm. I think I had a vision that Lacy would die (One night before I went to my partner's house I had a violent dream where I saw my cat croaking terribly, retching and throwing up 11 times in different places before she died. I looked at her in my dream and she was flat at her stomach. I woke up to see my cat retching, and vomiting on my bed.

My sister was the one who introduced me to the paranormal. At first I was frightened of the things that could be lurking in my home. 

But then I was fascinated with the unknown. 

When ever a show that has to do with the dead was on I usually watched it. I am pretty paranoid after I watch the shows though, I'm more...aware? Yeah, I'm more aware of everything.

From what I feel (if my senses don't fail me) there are three main presenses that are in my house. One is my dead cat. She died when I was 9 and I wanted her buried were she would be close to me, under my window. Every now and then I see a glimpse of a black thing running through the house. At night small pressure next to my head and then the feeling of something pressing on my cheek let's me know that she's there. I cared for her before she died, she was my "besty". I won her over and she stuck to me like glue. She died of cancer.

Recently our dog died, she was 16 and a pure-bread Samoyed. 

She was old and gentle. 

We think that she was going mental because when you called her name she'd look at you blankly and then look around like she didn't know where she was. my dog wheezed and had a hard time getting up off the floor. Now that she's gone, I've only heard it once, but in the middle of the night I hear the similar wheeze that she made. It could have been only in my mind. Who knows?

The last one, I don't know who or what it is. When my sister was going out with her ex-partner, she was somewhat strange and liked to study Wiccan religion. She got my sister into studying it more I believe. There is a pond near our house and it is said that there are apparitions that appear there. Well, my sister and her ex took upon themselves to... Destroy one. Well let's just say that it didn't go very well and I think that it attached it self to my sister. My sister went to collage, it grew stronger I think. I that's when I first felt it.

It was about 1 in the morning; I randomly woke up needing water. I walked into the hallway and quickly went into the bathroom. I started to get the jitters. I got my drink. I opened the door and a feeling a fear crossed me, the hall was pitch black, it was darker then before. I took a breath and bolted into my room and hid under my covers and slowly feel asleep. My sister came back when school was in Christmas break, when we started to talk about it.

It was at night it was kind of restless for the both of us. I suddenly had the urge to say, "I don't like the hallway," She turned to me with a shock look on her face and then asked if I felt it to. I nodded she told me the reason why she always had the light on before she goes to bed. 

Every day I run through the hall to get to my room, the living room, the bathroom, the kitchen and my sister's room.

I also have a different idea. I believe my sister has created her own poltergeist. She has been very very very ,,,,stressed out lately with all the school loans and bills. I'm not positive if it true because it doesn't do anything. I don't know


Until recently, my family and I lived in a "haunted" apartment. 

But, unlike most people, we got along with our ghosts. 

Whenever they did something we didn't like, we would tell them, and if we did something that they didn't like, they would let us know.

Nothing truly scary ever happened while we lived there; just the usual experiences that people with ghosts have. Our partner used to talk with somebody at night, we used to get the feeling that we were being watched, lights would turn on by themselves, and we would here strange noises.

What is significant about this apartment is that during the time that we lived there, I was in a deep depression. I used to cry for no reason, I didn't want to do anything, I hated the world, I was mean to my fianc and my partner, and I continuously felt the urge to run away and never look back. While in this severe depression, I searched and searched for a way to fix it. 

I never considered it to be something in my apartment because we got along with our ghosts. I am usually an upbeat, overly optimistic person, and anger/sadness has never been a part of who I am. Needless to say, it was an absolutely awful time in my life.

Upon moving into our new apartment, I suddenly feel amazing. As soon as we moved, it was like a wave of joy washed over me. I truly feel like myself again. Now I am racking my brain trying to figure out what caused me to be so unhappy. Was there something in that apartment that was forcing its negative energy on me or was I truly just clinically depressed?

If you have any suggestions or ideas, please let me know. (I know this story is choppy and vague...)


My partner's partner loved country music. To get to the story I was sitting inside the house with my sister in law. 

We were just sitting around talking watching the kids play when all of a sudden I got up to go put something into the sink. She had one of those under the counter radios with CD player and all. I believe the partnerg was a partnerg by Pink not sure. Suddenly I looked up at the radio now mind you the radio was set to a certain station which was 93.3, I looked at the dial and the numbers were moving like someone was changing the stations but the music continued to play. I was like whoa what in the world. I told my sister in law about it she said her partner never liked rock music, so she was changing the station as if to tell us hello country please. She has been gone for 5 years. It is nice to know she is still here with us.

In a similar experience my partner's mom just passed away a year ago from cancer.

Some family members have had some experiences with the afterlife of mom's spirit like sometimes smelling cigarette smoke as partner used to smoke as well as other different things.

One experience that has just recently happened is my steppartner has her XBOX hooked up downstairs in the laundry room I was doing laundry when all of a sudden her TV came on. 

Now I was alone in the laundry room the remote was sitting on the bench so I know no one was turning it on and off. 

I thought maybe there was a glitch in the wiring but then after about 15 minutes of this I have come to the conclusion that it was either partner or partner's spirit playing around. 

Who knows but it was quite entertaining. So I just said out loud are you guys having fun playing jokes on me,, ha,ha,,, funny I said.

That has been so far the only experiences I have had so far with them. It is now coming up on the one year anniversary of my partner's partner being gone. Wonder if she will play with the TV this time.

Thank you taking the time to consider my story.

Unusual ghost-like encounters have been happening to me since my mother past away in November. I was just a young boy then and ready to celebrate my sweet sixteenth birthday until this tragic event happened to me. 

Learning of my mother's death and how she chose to take her own life was mind-numbing and came as an absolute shock to myself and my family. 

I had no time to grieve though I had to stay strong for my siblings and my family, even though I was the youngest of four. 

I wanted to stay strong for them throughout this unbelievably horrific time of our lives.

My mother and I were very close. In fact. I was very spoiled by her and loved by her. The bond between us was always so strong and so fun-loving.

The previous summer before my mother died she took me to an art fair in our community where she bought me a necklace strung with gorgeous small stones and by thick twine. 

I loved it, even though it was a little heavy for my comfort, my partner bought it for me because she thought I'd like it. 

That fact alone meant the world to me. Just three days before she passed away, I picked up the necklace and it broke in my hands, the small stones flying everywhere. 

I thought it was very odd that it broke just like that! For it was strung so tight and with such strong materials! I was left very disappointed and sad, but took courage anyway and collected the beads and put them all in a beautiful glass vase to sit atop my nightstand.

Looking back at that now, I think somewhere that meant something. I think maybe it was a power or an energy that made that necklace break, as if a sign that her death was coming. 

And it makes even more sense that she got cremated. Her ashes were put in a tin container into the ground. 

I remember touching the bag that her ashes were in before they buried her and it looked and felt like little pebbles. Those little pebbles reminded me of the stone necklace she had bought for me at the art fair just months before.

But that's not what this story is all about. That is only part of it...

The day after my mother's funeral, I went downstairs to my bedroom to reflect and write in my journal on the computer about my feelings on my mother's death. 

I pressed the start button, and back then, the computer technologies weren't as good as they are now. It took several minutes to boot up. 

While waiting patiently and thinking about nothing besides how I wished the computer would run faster, the strangest thing was about to happen to me. 

All at once, I felt AND heard a touch stroke the back of my neck in an upward direction. 

When I say I "heard" the touch, I literally heard a sound at the same time I was touched. 

The only way I can describe the sound is by one of my favorite movies, called "Ghost". 

If you have seen the movie you know the sound I am talking about when the ghosts in the movie tried to move objects, that powerful, loud second sound. 

That sound from the movie, ironically, was exactly what I heard to the tee. My hair was up in a bun and I had some strands hanging down in the back, so when I was touched, I felt those hairs move right up the back of my head. 

I jumped up and shouted at the spirit who was around me and who touched me. I knew instantly who it was and that terrified me even more.

When my partner and I would cuddle on the couch and watch television, she would stroke the back of my neck. It was her own little way of showing her affection to me, and it used to comfort me. 

When I was a young child it would sometimes help put me to sleep. So when that happened, I instantly jumped out of my seat and started yelling at my partner that I knew it was her, I knew she was here, and she was scaring me! I asked her to never do that again. 

I told her over and over again how much I loved her and how sad I am she is gone, but please don't do this to me. 

Don't show up like this again because it's too much for me right now. 

It was very frustrating because I just wanted to melt down crying knowing it was my partner with me saying her last goodbye, it was so unbelievably special and meaningful. Yet at the same time, I was petrified I had experienced it. 

I wanted to forget it altogether, but I couldn't sit still in my room alone after that. I ran to my mother and cried to her that partner said goodbye to me and touched me. I know she thought I was hallucinating at the time that my emotions were getting the best of me because of the tragedy, but I wasn't. This happened to me, and it's something I hold so dear to my heart... Forever and ever.

I share it with you because it's real. The spirit world is a VERY real and alive world! We just don't always see it that way.

Ever since I was eight years old I have been able to see and speak to ghosts. 

I know I am not crazy I am in all honors classes. I mean I have an anxiety disorder but nothing else, this is not a gift this is a nightmare. I need help though I get very scared and try to avoid them. It is also very embarrassing because they will just pop up and especially living out in the woods basically is were my house is.

Now I have talked to a ghost in front of one of my trusted friends because I don't tell many people, any way she said it looked like I was talking to air but she said she was ice cold and nervous. 

Before I see a ghost I get chills and tingles down my spine then goose bumps and I then feel like I am going to cry. 

I don't particularly like telling people but tonight 8:15 PM. 


I was walking home and saw a thing that followed me home it had red eyes and was hunch backed and pale. I felt like I was going to die in its presents and I ran home and told my partner then started to break down and cry.

I know I am not crazy although some people I have told think so. 

Again I feel like this is not a gift and I just need some advice.

This experience occurred not too long ago, still fresh in my mind.

But before I begin the story, I would like to give a little background about myself. 

I have been fascinated with the paranormal since my first experience in an old apartment at a very young age. 

Throughout the years of being somewhat sensitive to them, I have encountered shadow people, full-bodied apparitions, translucent figures, creepy grudge like things, etc throughout my life. 

I am not a fully devoted Buddhist but I do follow their teachings to an extent. Also, I no longer live in my home but am back in the states.

My family are no skeptics to the paranormal either, 

each and every one of them have had their own tales and encounters but mostly kept to themselves about it. 

They will share when asked but if no inquiries are made, they will go on about their life. Their experiences I would write at another time while I try to accurately write their stories in a clear, chronological manner (some stories are just all over the place and requires me contacting them).

Since you know a little more about me now, I will give a short background about why I was in my home. In April 2012, I applied to various teaching positions at private schools. 

My current job did not pay much and I wanted to use the teaching experience to add to my resume for future professional goals. 

The search for a job did not take long and I landed a job at a well-established school which I enjoyed greatly while there.

After my confirmation for the job and the green light during the hiring phase, I bought my flight tickets and began my journey to the Land of Smiles in late April. 

I arrived and was picked up by the person who interviewed me by Skype and made our way into the capital of the province, a 40 minute drive through the country side. 

I was excited, curious and tired during the drive. 

Once I got to my house, I was in awe. 

It was completely different from what I was accustomed to back in the states but I adapted rather quickly. As I unpacked into my room, I met my roommates, two middle-aged women. 


At this moment, it gave me the opportunity to get a feel of the house. 

The house was three stories and contained two bathrooms and three bedrooms. 

One of the bathrooms is situated on the first floor and the other next to my room. 

My bedroom was directly across from them.

i was alone in the third floor. 

The stairway had very little lighting and was always emitting a dark, uneasy feeling. It could be because of the lighting in that area was horribly dim, setting its own mood. Either way, it was never a pleasant experience to go up and down the stairs.

The way my room was laid out was rather awkward. 

Upon standing in the doorway into the room, there is another door straight ahead that exits to the balcony that looks over a parking lot of a nearby restaurant. Directly to the right of the door (still facing the other door) is a small desk and dresser. And across from the dresser is my bed. And in the path of the room door to the balcony door is a make-up mirror stand that faced directly straight to my bed thus being able to see myself when I sat up.

It would take about two weeks before I had my first experience. I can recall that morning getting ready for our teacher orientation and training. 

The only shoes I left out were my running shoes and the ones I wore around the city. In my luggage, I left my water shoes in there due to not having the time to use them. 

As I finished the day's monotonous agenda, I went home and to my surprise, I saw my water shoes out next to my other shoes. At first I responded with an,, hmmm, I wonder if someone came in and took my shoes out (this was my reaction) as a prank, a dumb one at that. 


Since my roommates and I were all out of the house and no one else had access to it, I just assumed it must have been me who did it, but I brushed it off anyways.

The following nights I had terrible experiences of trying to sleep.

And to my surprise, when I spoke to my roommates about these problems with sleep they all felt the same. During that time, we believed it was due to the assimilation into a foreign environment, which was true for the most part.

In the daytime, the room was bearable; it made me feel safe but as evening approached the atmosphere in my room and the house, shifted into a more ominous one. At this time of the day, I no longer felt alone wherever I walked in the house. 

There was this constant feeling of being watched and followed by a female presence. 

I believed it to be female at the time because it was very softy feeling and nothing that I would associate with a male's. 

I kept this to myself for about a week before I asked my partner about it. 

She too admitted that the house felt rather strange at night but chose to ignore it. She felt the same way too but gave her own theories about why we were feeling the way we did. 

She believed it had to do with our inner stress and what not. I responded it was possible but my experiences up to that point made me think otherwise.

The next two weeks were hellish to my mind and body. I would go to sleep around 12 AM and constantly wake up every hour for three hours, finally sleeping around 4 AM. 

It was very annoying because I had to get up early for work. I was becoming very irritated with everything around me and tried my best to keep a calm composure. Then one day, I brought up the idea of doing a food offering to the spirit of the house because we had a Chinese altar on the first floor. We all affirmed.

The ritual was pretty simple in nature and required some food or snacks to be offered, a cup of water and incense to symbolize the transformation of the food from physical form to spiritual. The offering consisted of two store bought sandwich snacks and water in a glass cup. 

During the ritual me and my partner sat behind me while I led the ritual of asking the spirit to welcome and protect us and that we do not mean to disturb it (I do not know if I did the ritual correctly, 

just thought the idea of a food offering would appease the spirit of the house because I had seen my parents do it before). 

I lit three incenses, putting them in between my palms  and spoke in my head and out loud, bowing three times in between. After the last bow, I stuck the incenses into a cup filled with rice allowing it to stand upright (this cup was already present before we all arrived).

Once the short ritual was completed, we all felt the atmosphere change. It felt lighter. Even the dark areas of the house felt lighter as if the house finally allowed us to stay and call it home. 

Nothing out of the ordinary occurred during this grace period until my partner decided to move for perpartneral reasons (had nothing to do with the house). 

We bid her farewell and she left about three weeks after the ritual. Looking back at this moment, Sherry and I made a key mistake of not doing another ritual to allow her to leave because after she had left, it all started again but the feelings were stronger than the previous and sightings began to occur.

The day she left was pretty quiet. The reason being is that my partner and I worked in the day; they worked from 7:30 PM - 4:30 AM respectively and I worked from 10 AM - 7:00 PM. 

Regardless of my start time, I got up early anyways because I hated rushing to work. We knew of the day she left but when she physically left the house, we were already at work. We went about our business as usual and chit chat like we always did when I got off of work.


One day, after arriving home around 7:30 PM, I entered the house feeling weird again, it was heavy and uneasy. 

I asked her how her day was and she said it was fine for the most part except for chit chatter that she would hear outside her door near the stairs. She said it sounded like two people talking but she could not understand what they were saying; even if it were english, she would at least be able to remember some of the words. But it was nothing coherent. She said she did not feel scared, just curious to what it could be.

At this point, we did not ever cross the idea of the incidents being connected to her departure. But onward with the story, this incident and other incidents to come would gradually lead to an ever active manifestation of the female spirit. 

That would not occur until about a week later. 

But before her manifestation, she would be felt roaming around the house. For instance, I would come downstairs to the kitchen and while making some coffee, I would see her in my peripheral moving out of frame as if it were intentional; I do not really know if this is the case but to my partner and me, it seemed so.

To add to this, she would tell me that while she is downstairs in the kitchen making noodles, she would see the woman manifest as a translucent shape walk from the base of the stairs and vanish once it got to the first landing. 

She did not tell me this until I told her about what I saw which was almost identical to her experience.

Then onward, I would talk to nothing, or something, about not bothering me and that I was aware of its existence. 

Felt somewhat crazy at this point but it made me feel sane. 

Throughout this point of my time in my home, I did not speak about it to the other teachers, but occasionally would put it out there, never following up on it. 

Not until I was talking to a colleague of mine. She has been teaching for the school for over a year already and knew many of the previous teachers from her first year teaching. And when I brought up my strange occurrence from the first part of my story, the one about the shoes moving, she told me that the person who had lived and slept in the very same room had experienced the same thing. 

I was shocked to hear that but felt at ease because I knew that it was not me who took the shoes out.

So I was able to confirm one part of my experience which was a relief. But some may wonder about the male presence, her history will be in the final part of my story.

Onward with the story... my partner and I were the only ones in the house for about three weeks before we had new roommates move in. 


The new roommates I would not officially meet until about a week after their stay due to coming home tired, I would talk to my partner and head straight to bed. 

But on one occasion, I pulled up to our house gates with my motor scooter. My engine still on and the lights peering into the dark living room of ours. 

And straight ahead is the doorway into the kitchen area and directly to its left are the stairways. And while looking ahead and opening the gates, I see a male figure that I thought was the new roommate. 

The reason being is that I, still at this point, have not met her in person so I assumed it was her. The figure was about 5ft 11in tall or approximately 180 centimeters. It wore a white T-shirt and blue jeans and stood there emotionless. 

As I parked and approached the door, the figure turned toward the stairs and turned off the kitchen light,, (seriously rude). I brushed it off and assumed she probably did not see me or something. So I enter the house more curious about the situation and walked into my partner's room. I told her what happened and she said it was an awkward thing to do and we set the incident aside and talked about our day instead.

That very same weekend, she was leaving back to her place. 

So during her last night in the house, I helped her pack and talked about how it was going to suck not having someone to talk to after work. 

She agreed and said she will miss the conversations we had daily. 

That night, I awoke out of my sleep feeling uneasy and turned on the lights right away. I had the feeling of being watched from my door. 

I lied in bed listening to music and eventually fell back asleep. 

Later that morning I woke up around 5:30 AM to help her bring down her luggage. 

Once we cleared out her room we proceeded downstairs. We sat on our table outside and talked for the very last time when her pick-up service arrived. We exchanged good-byes, hugged and I went back inside and fell asleep.

During the slumber, I had a dream about my partner and how she was taken away from me. I awoke feeling sad and actually shed a few tears. 

I showered and continued on with my partner-less day and officially met a stranger while walking downstairs to make some coffee. 

We talked for a bit and I brought up about if anything weird has happened to her since moving in. And to my surprise, she had a few experiences that she could not explain.

 So I invited her to sit outside at the table that I used to sat at and we talked all afternoon. 

she proceeded to tell me an experience (at this point, I had not shared any experiences with her) about the kitchen. 

She said she was making coffee and saw a man walk upstairs. 

I was extremely shocked at this point and had goose bumps because three people had seen the exact same thing leading me to believe that it must be some type of residual haunting. 

She also began to share the feeling of being watched and would sometimes wake up abruptly from her sleep, on guard as if something sinister made itself known. While this occurred to her, 

I had no experiences and remained a skeptic for the most part until her experiences which I will share later.

Since I was already talking about weird happenings, I brought up about my story and spoke about the day I saw her standing at the doorway to the kitchen. 

And to her surprise, she said she was not that type of person and it could not have been her. I was creeped out because I thought I was looking at flesh and blood. 

Also, the reason why it could not have been her was that she did not own any white T-shirts or jeans, just shorts, colored T shirts and trousers. 

We all went to bed late that night feeling tired (we were drinking) and scared. Over the following week, strange occurrences would happen to me. On the other hand, I only felt the heavy presence of the spirit that stared at me.

I have been to the place before and this is my first time staying at this building. I stayed on fourth floor in a nice deluxe room with a balcony.

One night I was asleep and I was awoken by a loud banging on the door with someone screaming,,

I was still in shock, sitting on the bed when the voice stopped and then I saw hands coming from the corner near the bathroom with someone saying in a distress voice, ,,,,Help me... Help me!...at the same instance, I ,WOKE UP with the same position of the dream... Sitting on the bed... Shock and almost in tears!,,, The whole dream was so real. I feel that there were souls who needed help.

I decided to say prayers and have my lights on every night after until the day I left!

My partner is the same age as me and looked forward to each school holidays when I visited them. The family lived in the huge colonial bungalow with many rooms and maid's quarters. Next door to their property there is also a large colonial bungalow. These two bungalow sits nicely together surrounded by lush greenery.

During one of my visits, as we were playing one afternoon, I cycled from my partner's driveaway and made a huge circle to the neighbour's driveaway when I saw a lady watching me from the top floor bedroom window. I must have made few circles and as I passed by their driveway I waved at the lady.

After done with my cycling in circles, I told my partner that I hope her neighbour won't be upset that I used her driveaway but that I did gave her my friendly wave so I hope she won't be upset. 

But my partner was shocked because the next room is empty, I refuse to believe her and I showed her exactly where the lady was standing. There was no lady anymore at the window.

The scary bit was when she told her partner about it and my uncle said no one lives there and do not play near there anymore.

I was just having a smoke on the balcony of my apartment which is located on the 4th floor. 

My partner was asleep and I was by myself. 

I was smoking and using my Phone at the same time and I heard a strange noise which I would say I have never heard before. 

I'm not quite sure how I can describe the sound. 

It sort of sounded like a moan or a wailing, but I'm not fully certain it was one. 

I heard the sound twice to be more specific. 

When I heard it the first time, 

I just thought it was from one of the other rooms although this is quite unusual as I have been living in the same apartment for about a year or so, and never have I heard a noise such as this.

And there was about 5 seconds interval and I heard the same noise only for it to last a tad longer this time around. As my room is on the 4th floor, it is quite isolated from noises and such, with the exception of super loud ones I guess.

To give more detail regarding my surroundings at the time the event occurred, the TV was on although I was on the balcony with the door to balcony closed, so in noway can I attribute the cause to the TV.

The thing that creeped me out was not exactly the sound. Right at the moment when I heard this strange noise, I looked down on my phone and what I saw scared the shit out of me. The moment I checked my phone, it was exactly 12 midnight. I suddenly felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up and immediately got inside and locked the door and went to lie down beside my partner.

I will tell you about a few peculiar things that happened to me about a year ago. Me and my partner decided to move in together as both of our earlier leases were just about to expire and we spend pretty much every waken hour together either way.

We went house hunting and finally found an apartment that we both really saw some potential for. It was rather cheap and absolutely massive three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, living room and a big balcony. I had spent the last few months living in a tiny studio (without kitchen) and it was really a relief to find this place, especially considering that I had a kitten that grew bigger and bigger each day.

The building itself was pretty worn out, built in a depressive old Chinese style, with low, heavy roof and dirty grey (once white) walls and generally loads of concrete. 

Especially the elevators were very unpredictable and made me feel claustrophobic (the lights would go out, it would take you to random floors and once even got stuck between floors with us trapped in it), but the apartment itself was newly renovated and felt like it just needed a bit if light and care to become homey and welcoming. It would be our oasis in the middle of busy city.

The week we moved in was pretty rough on us, 

we had so much stuff and no time to move it all. 

Work had us stay late every night and forced us into moving little by little long after midnight.

Because of this, the relief was even greater when we finally had cleaned and prepared the place perfectly. 

I took a deep breath and thought wow, finally all done at this very same second I heard a loud banging sound coming from my room. 

We ran in and saw my brand new clothing rack all bent and broken and clothes were covering the entire floor, as if someone in rage had bent it and tossed away all my clothes. 

The thing was pretty solid and brand new, my partner had the exact same model that we bought at the same time and this one never broke. 

But the most unsettling thing was that feeling of it not being just a normal fall, I was finally just finished cleaning and the clothes pretty much had exploded all over the rather big room. It just didn't feel natural.

After this we both stayed together in my partner's room, even though we had all this extra space. I wasn't scared or anything, but it just naturally turned out that way as we would always watch movies there before bed, it was the easiest room to cool down and we both wanted to sleep with the kitten, etc.

Although there was something in the atmosphere in the apartment that wasn't quite right. 

It felt impossible to keep the place bright, no matter how much sun you let in the windows or how many lamps were lit. 

The kitten seemed scared sometimes and other times acted like she was hiding or running away from something, she even ignored her litterbox once in a while. 

This was not a normal behaviour for her before nor after living there.

A few times we had visitors and this seemed to encourage a spike in odd happenings. 

Visitors would stay in 'my room' (in which I actually never spent a single night) and this really seemed to trigger something. However, there was this one event that was just standing out, it was impossible to ignore or brush off as nothing.

We were just about to sleep. 

In the big bed we were laying about 2 inches apart with our backs facing each other. 

Stretched out between us was a thin blanket. Suddenly we clearly feel and hear something stomping up the bed! Starting from the bottom and walking angrily all the way up to our heads. 

The blanket got pushed down between us as the mattress itself was clearly sinking in from each step. There was no one else in the room, not even the kitten as we had closed the bedroom door not to disturb visiting parents. 

We were frightened (of course) but also amazed that something like that actually just had happened.

We ended up leaving the apartment after staying there for only about three months. 

Because of other reasons not related to our haunting, but I still look up at it sometimes, when I pass it by on my way home from work late at night. 

I wonder if anyone will ever feel welcomed in that room.

At the time she was living in another province than what she is originally from, so when facing a quick end to the stable income, she had no nearby family to turn to and ended up crashing with a friend for a while, whilst figuring out what to do next. 

This friend was living with a partner quite far out on the country side. Their house was a typical house, two story building with a big dining area / living room on the ground floor and a sleeping loft above. It was located at the end of a small dirt road with no other buildings or people nearby.

Upon first arriving to the house you noticed various children's toys (such as dolls, plastic cars etc.) spread out all around the house and property. 

She found this very strange as she was completely unaware of her friend having any children, so naturally she asked her about this right away. 

Oh, so you have a child? her friend laughed and said no, no, those are for the spirit

For those of you who never heard of a spirit,, From ancient times the spirit has been used in my home as a household divinity. 

It is common believes that keeping a spirit in your house brings good luck and fortune. 

All you need to do is buy one, and then keep it happy by offering it toys and sweet treats. 

For most people, to buy this would probably be to spend a small fortune. 

But it is very common in some culture to spend incredible amount of money on thing such as altars, amulets or tattoos of good fortune. Even if you don't really have the money (it will probably come back to you with all the luck it will bring sort of thinking).

The spirit is the trapped spirit from an unborn child. 

This child, having died so early or suddenly is unable to reincarnate. 

Therefore monks (or witch doctors) practicing black magic are able to trap the spirit and use it for their own benefit. This originates from the practice of necromancy. 

The spirit is created from a human fetus removed from the mother's womb before birth. 

In a horrifying ritual that includes roasting the feats dry at a cemetery, ceremonial chanting and sometimes even to soak it in oil extracted from the skin of a dead child or a person who died in violent circumstances or an unnatural death.

If you ask any person they would probably tell you that the spirit was more likely made from the killing of the fetus (and sometimes even the mother), than from a stillborn. 

How anyone could live with this being a sources to your own happiness or luck is beyond me. 

I find it sickening to imagine keeping a spirit of an innocent child trapped rather than supporting them to move on.

Back to the story, You are religious and a very spiritual person but never really believed in these particular sort of legends or which crafts. 

She dismissed the whole thing as quite bizarre and frankly thought her friend was a bit off for keeping toys in the house for this reason.

The first evening she spent in the house they were all enjoying barbecue with more than a few beers to follow. When they finally went to bed You were sleeping on a mattress on the ground floor, while her friend and the partner had their bedroom upstairs. 

After a few hours of sleep you suddenly woke up. 

She distinctly heard the sound of small, quick feet running up and down the stairs. 

You, being a big guy (body builder and Muay Thai trainer), wasn't easily scared of many things, but this really made her freeze in bed, listening as the small steps kept running quickly in the stairs and across the floor above. 

Naturally her thoughts went to the little altar with the spirit and she was really frightened. Eventually she still managed to convince himself that it was only some sort of animal making the sound and thus she was able to fall asleep again.

The following morning she mentioned the sounds to her friend, but the friend just shrugged it off, yes, we have the spirit. 

I already told you and it seemed that this didn't bother her in any way. 

She clearly had no problem with this, as she knew the spirit was there to protect and bring luck to the household. 

She had willingly, knowingly invited it. 

You didn't understand how something so terrifying could be shrugged off so easily, but being in full daylight and knowing that she had been quite drunk the night before, she decided not to let it bother her.

That same night she went to bed without having any drinks before, but yet again woke up to the sound of footsteps. 

The steps were too quick and light to be from an adult and I knew there was only her, her friend and the partner in the house. 

Furthermore, houses in cities in my home are usually always connected and built very closely, enabling sounds to travel between homes. 

But this house was completely freestanding with no chance of the sound coming from a neighbor. 

You even went around the house looking for tree branches and alike that could make the sounds, but came up with nothing.

This continued every night and things seemingly started to escalate. 

You were terrified, but desperate situations calls for desperate measures and so she chooses to stay. 

She tried, for many nights to shut out the sound of a child's running, but could not ignore the toys that would be moved to different places in the morning. 

Sometimes she even heard the toy cars outside being rolled across the yard.

One night she clearly heard the sound of a child's laughter coming from the very room she was sleeping in. 

Terrified and unable to move, she stayed in bed all night waiting for the sun to rise. 

The sound of feets running and cheeky children's laughter kept on going all night. 

When the morning finally came She packed up her belongings, and left.

There are many weird traditions in different cultures, but for me this one isn't something that can be easily understood. 

I wonder if this really is the child's spirit or if something else is captured during the ritual.

 If it is a child, then I really wish that someday these poor spirits are freed. 

Even if they are cared about and prayed to, as if they're something divine, this surely can't be their place.

I went to my home for a 3 week holiday. 

I tried not to think about it and I also did not wish to further freak my partner out. But I paid close attention to it nonetheless. 


Within 20 minutes my partner was fast asleep, 

but I, on the other hand cannot sleep at all.

I felt very uneasy as if there was something or someone watching us. 

Furthermore, the difference in temperature made me sweat and froze as the same time, 

it also felt nauseating just to be in the room. 

I felt heavy and 'weighted down'. 

The tapping noises were also beginning to feel or sound louder and this time I can pinpoint it being on or around the wall dividing the bedroom and the living room. 

I was beginning to feel really tired and sleepy but every time I closed my eyes, I would feel the uneasiness weighing heavily on me and my inner voice was telling me to stay awake.

At around 3 AM, and I can honestly say that I do not know whether I was sleeping or if it was a dream, 

it felt as if I was sleeping and awake at the same time, 

it was a very surreal kind of feeling. 

In the dream, I awake to find the toilet light switched off (which was actually on with the door slightly ajar), the room was dark with faint light shining in through the window from the parking lot outside and I can make out the area in the room. 

I felt petrified and wanted to get out of the bed to check out what was wrong. 


Last week my mother underwent surgery at a famous Hospital, after which the doctors recommended she stay in the hospital for a few days while recovering.

She was moved into Room "905" on the 9th Floor of the old building. 

In my daily visits to her at the hospital, I always got an uneasy feeling being in the room and usually couldn't stay there too long. 

At first I thought maybe it was because I don't generally like being in hospitals, but anyways my mother abruptly decided that she wanted to come back home a day earlier than she was supposed to.

At first I didn't make much of it, but once she got home she told me something strange. 

She said for the past few nights she had seen a women wearing a white gown and headscarf standing at the corner of the room calling out to her. 

The first night she saw her she thought she might be hallucinating from the medication but then when the same thing happened the 2nd night she was pretty sure something was not right in that room.

Our best guess is someone had passed away in that room and had not moved on as yet. 

We hope and pray that her soul can rest in peace. 

Would be interesting to hear if someone had a similar experience at Hospital or any other hospitals.

In this case I'm pretty sure both me and my partner who had been staying with her had witnessed this phenomenon, but managed to deal with it in a proper way. 

They both said a prayer in the room before they left and prayed that if there was in fact any spirit present there, it would be at peace and find its way to the next life.

It was horrible for the whole family. 

When my mother and my partner found out they caught a plane to my home and went to deal with the paper work. 

All the stress I went through took its toll and I became depressed but after a while the pain seemed to ease. 

I knew my uncle was in a better place. 

The pain never really left, I just found it easier to cope and I don't know how that happened but I felt lighter and happier.

When my mother and my partner arrived back,, they organised the funeral and we decided to have her body cremated. 

My uncle's ashes were kept at my mom's house where he used to live. 

After a couple of months she started telling my mother that sometimes she heard weird noises, footsteps and doors opening and closing. 

My partner didn't feel harmed by this, she felt as if there was someone watching over her.

In April my family and I travelled over to my home to spread my uncle's ashes there, we believed that was what he would have wanted because my home was his favourite place in the world. 

After a couple of days there our hotel door bell rang by its self at all hours of the day and night and on a closer look we found no one there. 

Our televisions used to turn on and change channels by its self at that point we thought it was just bad connection.

Just before we were about to spread her ashes on the beach close to where she died we decided to have her ashes blessed by the monks. 

Later that day we went down to the beach we to spread my uncle's ashes. 


We walked out into the water together and poured the ashes in there. 

A close friend of the family was taking picture with her phone. 

The next day she was showing us the pictures she had taken. They had a cloud of smoke or mist like substance surrounding us. 

The lady taking the photos told us it was her sprit going to heaven.

After this occurrence the door bell no longer rang, doors don't open and close, channels don't flip over. Is she finally at rest?


I have been wandering up and down the street since ten PM after getting dumped by my partner of 2 years. 

I just wanted to get drunk and talk to a pretty girl for a while. 

Now, it is 3:30 AM and the bars are closed. 

The after hours action then hits the streets, with street side carts and plastic tables set up for people to keep drinking until 6 AM. 

I am looking for a type of face. 

The facial type like my partner had. 

She was from the city nearby, and girls there have high cheekbones, full lips. 

To me, they are beauty incarnate. Graceful, feminine, exotic, and divine. 

Just like the girl who broke my heart. 

I need a substitute, and nothing I see can compare to her beauty.

Finally, after wandering for five hours, I see a flash of a smile from a street side bar. 

For a minute I think its her--my ex partner. 

I ignore the other women asking me where are you going?, and I zero in on the smile. 

I approach her and I stop dead in my tracks. 

Everything is the same--the spacing of her eyes, the delicate curve of her cheeks, the outline of her lips, and most of all, her smile. 

The only difference is there is a slight brown tint to her hair.


The girl just smiles, and beckons me to sit down next to her on the plastic chair on the side of the road. 

I talk to her for five or ten minutes about where she is from.

She is laughing at my jokes, 


They come up to me and ask if I want a drink. 

I say I'll have a Sprite with salt in it, and whatever my new companion wants. The two women look at each other, and then one of them asks..."What lady sir?"

I turn to my right and I look at my companion in the eyes. 

She smiles at me again and laughs. I turn back to the two women and point to the girl at my side.

"Her," I say.

The two women laugh, and roll their eyes slightly. 

Their face says 'Who is this crazy guy.

"You want one Sprite with salt, sir?" one of them asks.

I look back at my new girl as she slides her hand down my thigh. "Yeah, and something for her." I say.

"Who?" the woman asks.

I'm getting upset, but in my home you have to remain calm above all else. I speak slowly so she can understand, "The-lady-next-to-me."

She pauses, and then says, "Sir, there no lady."

I turn to my right, and I am looking at an empty chair. 

I feel a rush go through me, almost like someone is walking through my body.

I freaked out. "Where'd she go?" I ask.

"Who?"

"The lady."

"Sir, no lady. You sit alone."

I jump up and spin around. 

There are taxis, and street urchins trying to sell roses to single men and their paramours.

The girl, however, is nowhere to be seen...

One of the women's face turns to fear. 

She starts talking to the other one rapidly. 

Too fast for me to understand. 

Something you should know about my home--this is THE most haunted place in the world. 

Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE knows about ghosts here. 

People go to witchdoctors instead of psychiatrists. 

Almost immediately, the women conclude that I saw a ghost. They don't think I'm crazy at all.

The first time was a couple of years ago,

So, either I am becoming a schizophrenic, or I am now becoming sensitive to the dead in some way. 

On both occasions, it came after some emotional trauma. 

As I wandered the streets with my heart in knots, I must have been receptive to some kind of energy. I don't know. 

I can only say what I experienced. I'm still processing this and I'm a little freaked out. Just writing this down to document what happened to me.

Recently, I've been having trouble sleeping. Before it would usually be drug's fault.

What I first thought to be a special nightmare of it's kind, turned out to be a real-time event.

One day at 4 PM, when I woke up, I saw a woman. An uncontrollable question popped out in my mind.

Was she dead? And I hoped so. 

Because her mouth wide opened over mine was as close as it could get. 

Breathless, she was dead, or so I think, because I think she was just breathing deeply into my ears. 

She had a leather band covering her eyes, attached around her head. 

Fully stretched, she was hanging on her hands and feet. 

She wore a strange rubber-made suit that had metallic chains attached from her wrist and feet to the 4 opposite corners of my ceiling. 

And by her dark colored skin, she had been dead for quite a long time. 

I took a precious amount of time looking at her for three reasons. 

First, she probably knew me better than I knew her, so I had to meet her. Two, she was dead and yet appearing in my room and in my wake, and I wanted to clarify her presence. 

Finally, and worst, I was paralyzed and could move nothing else but my eyes. 

It wasn't fear, emotions, or anything that came from me that triggered my paralysis. 

The truth that I later found out was that some spirits have the ability of paralyzing living beings.

Knowing that there was nothing else I could do but move my eyes. 

I did all that I could do best: inspect. 

I looked around my entire room. The sun was showering into the room through the 4 windows, giving an orange-like atmosphere of well-being to my chamber. 

By the colour of the sun, I knew that I was awake at 4 PM just as I expected it to happen before falling asleep. 

A friend of mine was snoring next to me. 

All the objects that are in my room were in place at that moment. 

Even the air conditioner was roaring on and off like it always did. 

Everything in my bedroom was perfectly where it was meant to be, except for one person: her.

This is when I stare at my beautifully innocent white wall on my right asking myself what in the world I was going to do now with a dead 20 something year old girl hanging on top of me while I was being paralyzed. 

I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and hoped to wake up normally somehow. When I opened my eyes, everything around me was the same, except for the girl. She had disappeared.

Today, I don't know what to feel about this experience. 

I remember her entire body and appearance perfectly. 

I was attracted by her the moment I saw her. 

 Besides, if she hadn't been wearing this "suit" on her, I probably would've felt more comfortable with losing control.

How can I judge this girl? How can I gain more control over this situation? Generally speaking, is this good or bad?

Until now, I always felt like it was bad to have something with the dead. But I've noticed that some people have been having positive experiences with ghosts.

I had a close relationship with a family, who previously lived in here, and it was arranged for me to go and stay with them. 

They had two children; a girl and a boy.

On arrival to my home I was greeted at the airport by the whole family, and the kid presented me with a small garland of flowers, which I thought was really sweet. 

I was absolutely exhausted from traveling and do not remember the journey to their home very well. 

I remember it was about 4 PM in the afternoon when I arrived at their place and I had to excuse myself to go to bed.

During the night I woke up (I do not know what time this was, but I was feeling very uneasy, almost like I was being watched.) 

The net curtains in the room were swaying frantically, and I remember a real feeling of sadness, usually this would stop me from sleeping, but I was so sleepy I just drifted back to sleep.

The next morning I woke up feeling much better after some rest and was able to get a proper catch up with my friends, who I had not seen for almost three years. 

She asked me how I had slept and I announced I had slept really well (not wanting to let her know how uneasy the feeling was in the room.) 

I thought nothing of this and got showered and ready to spend the day with her, whilst my friend stayed home and looked after the children.

In my room I had lots of sweets and presents for the children which were on my bed, I was planning to give them to them later in the day.

Around 3:30 PM I arrived back home with her, and my friend was sitting outside on the porch, she had a very worried expression on her face and asked to speak with myself and my partner alone.

She said that she had caught the children messing around in my room, (trying to eat the sweets etc) so she had locked the door, only later she noticed they were still hovering around the door trying to unlock it and talking to something in the room. 


About an hour before we came home she said she was sitting on the porch when she heard in a low voice say "come here," this came from the room where I was staying. 

She was not the kind of woman to be shaken up by things like this, however there was no way anyone could have been behind this place at the time or gotten into the room without me seeing, as the passage way behind is blocked up and the room was locked.

The other strange thing about it was that the voice was speaking in english.

She said the voice she had heard radiated through the house, the children thought it came from my bedroom, but when we went in and spoke, even loudly noting could be heard from the front porch.

She being a Buddhist and also a believer in ghosts called to arrange for local monks to come and bless the house, believing that something was very wrong indeed. 

We all packed our bags and went to stay in a near by hotel for the night. 

The next day the monks came to bless the house, and left a string of orange rope around for protection and also brought a 'Spirit house' which is what many Buddhists have in their homes to look after the spirits.

I did not actually stay in the place again after that night, as I felt very uneasy; I chose to stay in hotels as they were very reasonably priced. 


The land was vacant, as far as we know no other structure was there previously. 

Her family has owned the land for many years. 

We split our time between living in here and my home. 

I was at the house in December and January Back from a long time overseas. 

One morning as I lay in bed, I had the feeling someone was sitting next to me, sitting on the headboard of the bed, which is a low, wide headboard about six inches wide. 

I looked up, and there sat a 10-12 year old school boy, shortly cropped hair, slight build, in her uniform; white short-sleeve button up shirt, red neckerchief, blue shorts and she was smiling and outstretching her hand offering me a glass of water, then vanished. 

It was so unexpected I sat up and gave a startled yell, and my partner came running in from downstairs to find out what was happening. It wasn't necessarily scary, but quite unsettling.

The next morning, as I lay in bed, the same boy walked across the bed headboard from right to left and as she passed me, bent down and playfully patted or tapped me on top of my head.

That same evening, late at night I was downstairs, changing the laundry when a voice very clearly called out "hello?" My partner was asleep in bed two stories above me and the voice sounded like a boy or a woman. 

I tried to convince myself I had not heard it, but it was extremely clear as though it was no more than a few feet away from me.

Soon after, the boy appeared to me in a dream and told me her name was Den or Tan, something like that.

My partner's family lives in the next house and her sister confided that she too had some experiences meeting with strangers, mostly disembodied voices.


Her face is so very clear to me; I can recall every detail of how she looked.

Summing up all of this, to me it felt as though she was curious about me, not threatening.

While I was at the parking lot behind my office building I was getting my car to go to lunch with some colleagues. 

As I was about to enter the car I heard someone calling my name out loud. 

It was a familiar voice, but I was the only one in that area at the time. 

I looked up and saw no one there which was rather strange because I could swear I heard that voice just merely a few seconds ago and it couldn't have been more than two meters away from me, but there was no one there. 

It wasn't extraordinary the fact that no one was there, because normally only a few cars park there every day and all of them were still in the office except for me.

I decided to let it go and just not pay any attention to it, but then as I was shutting the door and starting the engine I heard the same voice calling me again. 

This time it was right next to my door and I didn't see anyone. 

It was impossible for me not to have caught that person in time since the voice came from just outside the door. 

Nobody could have run that fast and there wasn't a lot of space to hide any ways. 

I decided to get out of my car and looked around. 

I knew who the voice belonged to, but it was impossible for her to have been there. 

Even though we work for the same company, but she is posted in another location quite far from here. 

Also if she was in the building she wouldn't have had the access to that particular parking lot anyways.

I am used to strange spooking things happening to me. 

It happens randomly so I never know what to expect.

So I got back to the car again just to realize that 5 minutes has passed and still I have yet to leave for lunch with my colleagues. 

I started the car and as I closed the door I heard the voice calling me again. 

This time louder and I knew something wasn't right.

I went to lunch and didn't tell anyone about this besides if I was to tell them they wouldn't have believed me anyway. 

So I went back to work and because it was a Friday I totally forgot about the situation completely until Monday afternoon when I met the HR manager. 

Since I am close with her we talked for a while. 

I asked her about a colleague which I haven't seen for a while and she informed me that she has died a few weeks ago when I was away for my vacation. 

I never knew anything about her passing away. 

I was mostly shocked and didn't say anything to her until the next day. It was the voice of this dead colleague that was calling me the other day.

I don't get scared by these things anymore, because it keeps on reoccurring in my life. 

But the sad part about my deceased colleague is that she was just recently married and died from a car accident only 10 days after marriage. 

She was a good kid and worked very hard and I guess she called out my name, because she owed me money and never gave it back to me. 

It wasn't a big deal and I never thought much about it, but I guess it was important to her. She has tried to give it back to me, but I was never free to wait for it. 

I hope she rest in peace.

This happened a while ago when my family and me were in our car and we were on our way to our family's friend's house. 

They lived outside the city and there weren't many houses about anymore.

It was pretty dark outside, but also quite warm really.

On our way there we saw a woman about my age walking along the road in the middle of the night by herself; my parents were pretty worried that something might have happened to her. 

So they were thinking they might as well ask if she wanted a lift to wherever she was heading to, since we had one seat left which was right next to me. 

So my partner stopped the car to where she was at, and my parents offered to give her a lift. 

I thought she was going to say no, since many parents do tell their children never to take lifts from strangers. 

But to my surprise she said yes and hopped in right next to me.

Now there was something very weird and strange about her. 

She had a long brown hair tied back very neatly and she was wearing a clothing which looked could posh but also looked from the lates 1900's. 

Her body looked terribly pale and she had scratches on her and not to be very rude but she even stank quite very badly.

I was telling myself not to stare at her because I knew how rude that would've been, But somehow I just couldn't stop... There was just something really strange about the girl sitting next to me that really gave me goose bumps and made my hair behind my back raise.

While I was trying to move around properly around my seat, my arm accidentally brushed against hers. What I experienced from that was that she was terribly freezing, it was like touching ice.

She didn't even seem to notice me at all, staring at her, since she was just staring straight ahead.

My parents tried asking her questions like what she was doing out in the middle of the night all by herself... But the girl didn't really seem answered. 

She just kept staring straight ahead. 

So my parents just gave up asking.

My sister was sitting at the back of the car right next to me on my left. 

She was trying to tell me something but I couldn't really tell what because she kept pointing and making faces like she was really scared of the girl too.

Then when we parked right outside the girl's house, my parents made me get out of the car to open the door for her. 

So I did what I was told. When I got out of the car I looked around to find nothing around but a really old house that seemed to be from the lates 1900's. 

When the girl got out of the car, she walked right up to her the house without knocking the door or even opening the door... She went right through...

That's when I started too freak out and screamed and got into the car really quickly telling my parents to drive off fast to our family's friend house.

During our way there, my parents asked me what on earth was wrong with me... Because it looked like I just saw a ghost. 

I told them I actually did and that it was that girl we just picked up. 

But they told me I was probably making it up. 

To my surprise someone in the family DID actually believe me,

My sister. She told me that's what she was trying to tell me all along...

What did you think I saw?

Do you think I was just probably just going nuts or what?

I am really confused about this experience.

My partner was sleeping in my room and like every other day; I left to get some food. 

I had only been gone 20 minutes or so. I said to her, come on it was just a dream, but she insisted it wasn't then she started to describe to me that she had been in (sleep paralysis) but not in her own words. 

A young man entered the room through the front door and when I say through I mean through. 

She said she stood beside here and stared at her. 

After that she got into the shower at which point she asked her what she was doing in my room. 

She told her that it was her room and she came there everyday. 

When she had finished showering, she came right next to her. 

She could hear her breathing in her ear, she still couldn't move at all. 

She said she touched her leg and she was extremely cold,. 

She could not move to defend herself or stop her in anyway, when she finished she quickly jumped out the window (of the third floor) and said she will be back.

That night she seemed very disturbed by this and insisted that she had never had an experience like this before and it was real. 

I was a little freaked out but didn't worry too much. 

That night we went to bed. To my horror I was woken up in the morning by her moving around.

I tried to wake her up, it took at least five seconds maybe more, immediately when she woke up she started kicking and screaming she was very disturbed. 

She told me it was the same woman again from the night before.

That is what really freaked me out, (she knew it was the same person cause she had one of her arms fully tattooed) 

She is normally the most peaceful sleeper in the world and is not the type of girl that would make this up. From what I saw with my own eyes was definitely chilling for me.

I moved to another room immediately but in the same block of flats.

Do you think she will be safe in my new room or we should move elsewhere?

I briefly informed the receptionist why I wanted to move rooms hoping that she wouldn't think I was crazy. To my surprise she told me she had heard very similar stories but never at there hotel.

I was in the 5th grade at the time. 

I had a sleepover with two of my friends she and my friend. 

Now mind you, I was always into hearing ghost stories and what not, but I never did those Ouija boards or seances or anything... 

Now my friend, was heavy into the paranormal, her house is haunted, and being that strange things always happen in her household was regular to her... 

Now my friend, was one of my other friends, was the total opposite of me. She just liked staying up talking about school, and didn't like the talk of the paranormal.

So it was around 2 AM when we all became bored and she suggested we play a hypnosis game. 

So here we are, all three of us sitting on my bed looking at each other. 

I told them I didn't want to really take part in it but just wanted to watch, so my friend said she will be the one that was to be put to sleep while she was at the coach. 

my friend lay straight on my bed while she sat in weird style with my friend's head lying on her legs with a pillow underneath it.

She takes her fingers and places them on my friend's temples and starting telling her she is getting sleepy. 

At first my friend gusted out laughing and so did I because she was getting serious and we just weren't buying it.

After 20 minutes of sudden outbursts of laughter, my friend started feeling pretty sleepy. 

She started counting from 50 and by the time she got to 0, my friend was pretty sleepy. 

But we were talking to her as she was sleeping. 

We asked her what she saw, she said she saw green grass extremely tall like she was on a farm, then she said oh no, a storm is coming. 

Now mind you my friend's eyes are closed of course but they are moving as if she is either dreaming or really there.

We then asked what was wrong because we can see her eyes moving rapidly, she said dark clouds were coming like it was going to storm. 

Then she started shaking. She said "what's wrong- what do you see?" my friend said "Someone is chasing me and every time I turn back it gets closer!" So I'm like dead silent just looking and she tells her not to look back and run to a church. "There should be a church near by and a priest waiting for you".

my friend said she saw the church and she was running as fast as she can, by the time she said she got in the church she said the priest closed the doors. 

She and I are looking at each other and we both said "What's wrong? What do you see?" my friend then said the priest's eyes were turning red and blood was coming out of her eyes... 

I didn't like how this was turning because I knew for a fact my friend was not faking the whole thing because I started tickling her feet because she was extremely ticklish so I can see if she was bullshiting us... But no reaction she was still trembling and crying. 

That's when I couldn't take it anymore, so I shook her and told her it's a dream get out of it!

Everything was extremely still for 3 minutes. 

my friend was still laying there with her eyes closed but this time she was just silent eyes closed with no movement. 

She was calling her name "my friend...my friend? my friend is everything ok?" my friend said "Who is my friend? This isn't my friend..." she said in a low monotone voice.

She and I looked at each other and I started shaking my head to stop, but She said who are you? my friend (or whoever was in my friend) said "Who do you want me to be? I am what you cannot see, unless you want to see me."

By then I couldn't take it anymore. I slapped my friend in her face to wake her up, she shot straight up started screaming at the top of her lungs, ran out my room, down the stairs and out my apartment door. 

We had to run after her because by then it was a little after 2:30 AM and my parents were asleep and so was the whole building.

She didn't want to go back into my house, but after we calmed her down she came back in the apartment with us, I kept on asking her what happened? 

Why did she run out like that? She said she felt as if something put a hand over her mouth so she couldn't say anything, but she could feel her mouth moving but she wasn't the one who was speaking. After all this I was like ok well let's all go to sleep because I've had enough.

A week went by and I went up to my friend to ask if she was fine and she said yes why wouldn't she be? So when I asked her if she remembered what happened that night she gave me a still look and said she doesn't remember anything. my friend never spent the night at my house ever again. I'm still friends with my friend and she to this day, but she and I still talk about the encounter that happened but my friend on the other hand doesn't recall anything.

I just want to let everyone know that if you have small kids please don't let them watch any kind of scary movie that they can imitate like for instance "The Craft". Some young kids actually try to rein act those things and they sometimes get the surprise of their life. And back then by me being so young I felt it was harmless but I've had my days back then and happy to say it was back then. That was the last time I ever participated in hypnosis, or any type of thing that did or could deal with spirits.

So my partner always told me her beliefs in the spirit world.

My partner on the other hand always told me, that spirits can't hurt you physically.

We were transferred there for six years and since my mother was from there , my partner figured it would be nice to know that side of the family. 

I was in the 4th grade, in a new country and trying to adjust to our new home. 

My room was enormous and I had my own bathroom. 

My room was at the end of the hall, my younger sister's room was in the middle of the hall and my parents were on the other end. 


I was taking a bath. 

I had carpet on my bathroom floor by the way. 

So when I was finally done, I put one foot out and BOOM! Something pushed me out the tub and I fell and caught myself on the counter. Now mind you, I had carpet on the floor so I know I didn't slip out the tub. 

I felt some type of force push me out! I ran naked to my parents room and told her what happened. That same night she called my grandmother (her partner) and my grandmother said we should have had the house blessed.

So that very weekend, it was a lot of monks that came if I can remember it was 8 or more. 

They came to bless the house. 

We had to pray and I was told to wear these 3 black and gold Buddha bracelets for 3 months. 

I still have them to this day. 

Afterwards everything seemed fine but little things every now and then would happen. 

For instance we had a housekeeper, she had her room beside the kitchen but she always ended up in my room sleeping on the floor. She would tell my partner she would hear knockings on her walls, movement in her room when she was the only one in there. 

Now from what I was told my home has numerous names, The Land of the Smiles, The Land of the Dead or The Land of Spirits. 

Everyone in my building had a housekeeper, so what they did would get together and talk about different occurrences in my building and the other buildings that were housed. 

Each building had what its called a spirit house and my partner would go downstairs every weekend and pay her respects.

Another incident happened when my partner was out of the country so my sister and I would sleep in my partners room with her. My partner was on her side, my sister was in the middle and I was on my dads side. 

I was awakened by some sort of talking going on in the late middle of the night, when I peeked my eyes open, they're sitting at the foot of the bed on my side, was 2 little boys ghostly figures. 

I wasn't too scared because I seen they were little boys, but just in a white light appearance. They were sitting at the foot of the bed laughing and pointing at me saying " Your a bad girl!" , giggling and pointing at me. I shut my eyes so hard and I covered my ears so I couldn't hear them. I told my partner the next day and she laughed at me, not because she didn't believe me but she said those little boys were right, I was being a bad girl and I was.

But my last incident I will share for the moment happened in another building, I was with my younger sister who was seven years old at the time and I was nine. We were walking with our housekeeper (a new one because our first one left because she was too scared) on the top floor where the pool was at. My sister and I were walking by the pool, the sides weren't wet at all because no one was in the pool. 

All of a sudden when I turned my back my housekeeper was screaming for me, I ran up and I seen her trying to pull my sister out the pool. She was a small skinny boy and she was struggling to pull her out ,so I grabbed her other arm and it took us five minutes to get her out the pool! She said something pulled her in , she held onto the drain, and was yelling for us. 

Our housekeeper was explaining to my mother that something was still pulling her into the water. I vouched for her because it took us five minutes to yank her out! She was such a small boy and for two people pulling her out was unbelievable. A couple of weeks went by and when my partner came home, she pulled me aside and explained to me what was pulling my sister down.

She had talked to a couple of the people in the building where we were at, and apparently a young boy drowned there years ago. 

No one ever swims in that pool by themselves because it is said that the boy tries to pull you down with her. And that day it really caught us off guard ,even still my sister tells what happened every now and then. 

she will never forget that day and how she almost lost her life because the boys spirit was pulling her down. 

And I to this day will never forget when I was pushed while I was coming out my bathtub. Weird Weird Weird & scary. I'm glad I'm back in the states!

Not saying it doesn't happen here, but I'm not in my home nor in our old apartment building.


I had just finished my dinner and went to have a bath to relax but just could not stop worrying about all my homework. As I went off to bed I felt as though someone was watching me get dressed, but being used to it I just took no notice of it.

I jumped into bed and stayed awake worrying. I heard my partner turn off all the lights and go to bed so I knew it was late.

As I finally got to sleep, I awoke to someone jumping on top of me as I was on the other side of the house I freaked out thinking if my partner and partner could hear me. 

I felt as though she was pulling my soul out of me through my stomach. 

I tried to scream but she had hold of the throat so it felt like she was holding my voicebox in her hand. I tried and tried to fight her off but she just wouldn't move until I tried to scream one more time and she vanished (I knew it was a man because I could feel big strong hands and I could also smell her).

I ran into my partner's room and told her what happened and she got two lovely ladies to bless the house. I never stayed in that room again.



A year after she moved in, she started to hear footsteps from the attic above. 

She told us about it, and we just laughed an told her she was paranoid and that she just hallucinated it. 

So one friday night while we were watching movies over at her place we heard the noises too. 

It was definitely footstep we heard, like someone was walking slowly back and forth. We could even hear the "footsteps" moving around the attic. 

So we paused the movie and listened closely. The noises stopped, and we saw the rest of the movie.

Afterwards we sat and discussed what the noises could have been, and just as we were talking about it the "footsteps" reappeared. 

We freaked out, but decided the we should check it out. 

Armed with frying pans and knives from the kitchen walked towards the attic. 

The stairs up to the attic was in the hallway, because all of the tenants in the building had access to it. 

The door to the stairs had a heavy padlock plus a regular lock in the door. We unlocked the door and sneaked upstairs. We turned on the light and there was no one there. The attic was empty except for an old sofa and some mattresses, so there was really no place to hide. Scared as hell we turned off the light and locked the place.

On later occasions we heard the noises, but we never really did anything about it, we just accepted it for what it was and though it was cool to have our own "ghost pal".


One day I was in the master bedroom folding laundry. 

People came and went all the time (had a couple of roommates and they had friends) so the doors were seldom (if ever) locked.

I heard the front door open and close and called out I was upstairs. 

I heard heavy, plodding footsteps on the stairs, pausing at the bend in the middle. 

It was as if whomever was really tired and it was all they could do to walk up the steps. From where I was standing I could see clearly down the hall to the top of the stairs. 

The footsteps continued to the top and down the hall towards me. No one was there. The steps were quite audible. At the treshold of the bedroom door they stopped.

I stood there shaking like a leaf then quickly exited the room. 

Some time later I returned home to find every light in the place on.

A roommate was sitting in the living room, white as a sheet, holding a poker from the fire place, in front of her. 

I asked what was wrong. 

She said she was watching tv when the door to the outside began turning on its own. 

She asked who was there and no answer. 

Then the door started shaking as if someone were trying to enter but couldn't. 

She went to the door and called out again, no reply. She opened the door and no one was there. And, the screen door was closed and lashed, with no breaks in the screen for someone to reach in.

I told her of my experience earlier and she said she had heard footsteps as well when no one was home. She never told anyone believing they would think her crazy.

Eventually others reported hearing strange things as well. 

The old house is no longer there. 

It was on a spit of land which has since been "re-developed" with freeways, ramps, etc.


Residents in two apartments on the other end of the hall (I live in the back) have reported seeing an old woman, in a white blouse and long black dress enter their apartment, walk through and exit. 



No radio, tv, or such on. Suddenly we heard loud noises coming from her apartment, as if it were being ransacked. 

There is also a ghost in my apartment.

A hot, muggy night. 

The cat I had then was laying on the floor facing the closed bathroom door. 

Suddenly she roused herself, started a low growl, twitching her tail, looking at the closed door, then to me, back to the door. 

I told her there was nothing there. 

Like a scene from a cheap movie I went to the door, put my hand on the doorknob and said, "See, there's nothing in there" and opened the door. Suddenly a cold rush of air passed through me, at least 20 degrees cooler than a moment before. 


For some reason I awoke and got out of bed. 

I heard something in the kitchen which was directly down the hallway from my doorway. 

It was very late or early in the morning. 

When I peered down the hallway I saw a rabbit on our kitchen counter; its eyes were bright and its body was almost see through - like a projection. I was scared and tired, so I ran across the hallway to my older sisters room and slept there the rest of the night. Sure enough nobody believed me the next day. 

Over the next few years I always heard noises in my closet and cupboards in my bedroom. And all the while living there I always heard shuffling and pounding in a large walk in safe in the downstairs part of our house. 

In the ten year span living there I always felt like I was being watched, and I would never go inside the house unless my parents or someone else was with me. When I got off the school bus, I would wait outside until my partner got home. 

It was not until my mother told me a few things that she probably would not have revealed had she known how I would react. I overheard my mother talking to my aunt about how the previous owner told her that an actor, by the name of Ann "blank", had built the house. 

Even more interesting, the previous owners laughingly said they would occasionally see her walking down the halls. Once, my mother even admitted to me that she was home alone reading in the living room when she felt someone touch her on the shoulder, it was a comforting gesture but scared her when she turned and saw no one around.

I was scared of that house.


The first night staying there I remember waking and looking out my bedroom window to see a white figure running down the lonesome road at a swift and graceful pace. 

Also, my beloved dog was in my sight and she ran from the object with tail in between legs... not typical, this dog was a butt kicking machine. 

It was weird but I was able to fall back asleep, next day nobody took me seriously. 

The last incident happened shortly after, I remember just laying down in my bed, it was a matter of seconds before I saw this woman hovering over me and she did not speak but it was like she said "I have followed you". 

I layed there paralyzed but managed to say "GET OUT, LEAVE ME ALONE". 

And ever since I have been totally ghost free, knock on wood. Long, maybe boring story for you guys, but real to me, too real.

We lived there for just over a year and during that time, we had several experiences with what we later became convinced was an actual ghostly presence.


About two weeks after that first incident, we were again all asleep when suddenly there was a very loud crash and the sound of tinkling of glass from the hallway that separated all of the bedrooms and a common bathroom. 

Once more, we all jumped up and ran out into the hall where we found that a full-length mirror that had been mounted on the bathroom door had shattered into hundreds of pieces all over the floor. 

Since everyone had been asleep, we could not figure out how this had happened as the mirror frame was still securely fastened to the door and only the glass itself had broken. 


Later, similar "poltergeist" activity would manifest itself in many other ways: there was one instance when I was home alone in the house watching television when, for no good reason that I could later ascertain, three candles that were sitting on the fireplace mantle suddenly fell off onto the floor, almost as if someone had swept them off with a hand. 

Then there was the phenomenon that we all experienced at one time or another where perpartneral objects and other items would go missing, only to turn up later in a place where the owner would swear that she/she had not left them.

(On one occasion, missing car keys were found lying right in the middle of the person's bed after a thorough search had been conducted for them by everyone home at the time). 

Other strange activity came in the form of knocking and tapping sounds heard coming from either the attic or the basement when it was certain that no one was in either space.

The last incident that involved the sighting of an actual "entity" occurred about two months after we had moved in. 

We were having a small party at our place and a house guest, who none of us had met prior to the party, was taking a perpartneral tour of the place on her own. 

She suddenly came running up from downstairs saying that she had just seen a man standing in the corner of the basement. She said that when she had called out to her, she simply disappeared! We immediately went down to the basement to check and of course, found nobody there. 

This was most interesting because there was only one entrance into the basement and a person who might have been trying to play a trick would not have been able to escape past anyone without being seen. 


After about six months of all this, things seemed to quiet down and no more "ghost" activity was noticed or reported by anyone. 

We began to convince ourselves that maybe, just maybe, we had all overreacted to some degree and perhaps we were all just being overly-imaginative about the whole thing.


That experience thoroughly convinced me that there really is something to the whole subject of ghosts and afterward, I no longer dismissed similar stories that I heard from other people quite so easily.

About 2 years ago I had taken over my step-mother's daytime job, the agreement was to watch over a sweet elderly woman,, for about 1 month, so I did, the job description was that I had to stay and live there throughout the course of my employment, so I agreed,



Another night I was in my room and I was about to start grooming my eyebrows but I was interrupted by a phone call, so I put my tweezers down on the bed, I later returned to find them gone, I started looking all over for them, under the bed, by the closet near-by, I even took every piece of bed garment off and shook it, I looked everywhere, 10 minutes later and a look of mass confusion on my face, I decided to go ask my boss if she had borrowed them, she said no, so I went back to my room and I'll never forget the feeling I had in my heart, they where right in the middle of my scavenged bed, I was in shock not to mention slightly scared. I looked all around me and I remember my heart beating so profusely, I found it hard to sleep that night.

And finally on the last week of my stay I had awaken at 7 AM as usual, I began to make my bed, it was a queen size bed and it had 3 layers of sheet work, so I proceeded, when I came to the second layer I extended the sheet and laid it flat tucking in the right side. 

Now take in mind that this bed is a queen size so I have to walk over to tuck in the left, so as I finished tucking in my right side I walked over to do my left and to my surprise it was already neatly tucked in! 

I freaked out! Once again I stand alone looking all around me and I say "THANK YOU, CAN I HELP YOU WITH SOMETHING?", but the room echoed in silence. 


Later down the years, her partner passed away, she believes that she roams the house, helping and cleaning as she always had, and the room that I had was their two older partner's room, so she spends a lot of time in there. I felt at ease when she told me that, and pleased to have ever graced her presence.

I have always felt that I could deal with the dead, that I would try to help and understand them, this experience has proved to me that I do attract spirits and I am more than willing to help, I've had many more experiences but I will share those another time.


There was a time when I was growing up when we were remodelling part of the old house. 

We'd peeled the wallpaper off the walls around the stairway that went up to my bedroom and had just put on a fresh layer of spackling compound to level-off and even-out the old plaster in preparation for gluing cork and mirror tiles on the walls the next day. 

In the middle of the night I got up to go downstairs to pee.

There was a rocking chair in my room that the family cat, liked to sleep in at night.

With my glasses off everything was blurry and there was just the moonlight and the street light through the two windows at opposite ends of the room. One window was at the top of the stairs. 

But as I reached down, my hand passed through the fuzzy, furry white blob I'd thought was the cat and my fingertips touched the rough material of the cushion she would have been sleeping on. 

There was a sudden cold tingling feeling, like an electrical charge, except it was really, really cold. 

It chilled my hand to above the wrist almost immediately. This is gonna sound weird, but, its outermost edges "gathered blue" as I looked at it. 

My mind was still in shock from my hand passing through my cat, and I know it doesn't make sense now, but it felt like it was "drawing blue" out of the room and the tingling intensified till my elbow hurt. Then, whatever it was took off through the back of the chair moving fast, like I'd startled it.

It shot across the room and over to the staircase, an elliptical blob of bluish-white light that never touched the floor, but rolled in the air, slightly churning as it moved.

Stupid as it might sound, I chased after it. It shot over to the stairwell, then down, keeping itself above the steps and sort of leaning into the wall until it finally passed through the wall and out of the house somewhere just shy of the other side of the landing.

I was still at the top of the stairs, and looked out the window and down, trying to see if I could find it moving out of the house. 

I caught sight of it briefly, just a glimpse as it darted above the hedges and tomato plants in the side yard, then suddenly shot upwards, out of sight. 

As it moved up, it seemed to peel backwards, like it was turning itself inside out, just before it disappeared. 

When I stopped seeing it, it was about ten feet above my head, and almost halfway across the neighbor's back yard. 

That thing moved fast! and weird....

I kept watching the sky for few minutes to see if there was anything else out there, till I really had to pee. 

So, I went down the stairs and over to the bathroom to relieve myself... then went back to bed. It was awful late in the night and I didn't figure anyone would want to be woken up just to hear about something that was already over, so I went back to bed.

When I woke up the next day and walked down the stairs, the spackling compound was dried and would have been ready for setting tile -- except now it was all scratched up. But it wasn't like claw marks, which you would have expected to follow a straight path or make curving arcs, lifting the compound, if it really was the stupid cat and I'd just imagined everything else in the moonlight... no, these marks were more like a series of badly drawn lightning bolts. 

It looked like they'd been "squiggled" into the compound. They were all jaggedy, in short -almost methodical- bursts. Like someone was writing something but forgot how to use the alphabet.

But the really weird thing goes like this: The spackling compound wasn't dragged through... I don't know how to explain this, but hang in there with me for a minute. Imagine dragging your finger through some cake frosting (that's pretty much the consistency of spackling compound) to make the letter Z like Zorro would. Notice how the frosting is displaced outwards by the movement of your finger. Notice how the heaviest amount of frosting ends up in a little pile pushed at the end where you lifted your finger away from the cake to lick the frosting... notice how the frosting lifted up with you to follow your finger as long as it could before seperating and falling back slightly. Now here's the really weird thing: with these markings in the wall, THERE WAS NO HEAVIEST EDGE OR END, anywhere! Period. All along all those little jagged letter-ish shapes the displacement was even, as if you'd started at the center (of each axis) and pushed evenly outwards to displace the mud (that's what you call spackling compound). Even. Smooth. Uniform displacement. Everywhere. Plus, when I said these things were "letter-ish," I meant that they were of fairly uniform height and consistent width, prety much like you were scribbling something down in a hurry. (Yeah, I know, alien spaceghost graffiti from the other side. But, this really could have been some kind of writing, it looked that intentional. Know what I mean?)

Believe me, my sister and I studied these markings a long time, twisting around to look at these things from all angles, even holding up a mirror to look at them backwards, before we had to smear on the glue and tile them over.To tell you the truth I've never seen what I'm about to write... but my partner and the neighbor did and I totally believe them. I lived in a house that was divided into three parts and there were three families that lived there. We happened to live in the smallest part of it. You have to remember that I was about 8 years old at the time, so I never really thought much about the house. But even when I was 8, I still felt a small vibe in the bathroom. Now our house was just a living room, kitchen, my room and the bathroom, all in that order and very small. In the bathroom there was a small slant in the celling that was meant to be there, but it made you feel just... scared. In the bathroom, there was no shower because of the slant but the bath looked almost like an old style kind of bath. Let me tell you what my partner and the neighbor saw. On the stairs of the house, Dana (the neighbor) and my partner saw a little girl around 12 years old. They said that she was dressed in old fashioned clothings with little boots. They didn't get a bad feeling from this girl. At around 3:00 in the morning, my partner also heard a ball bouncing from that girl. Dana also saw a bunch of ghost cats. They did get a BAD vibe from hearing a man's foot steps up stairs. Loud. But the man soon left. It was just a plain creepy house!

Before I begin my story, I would like to make it perfectly clear to the reader, that this is not an attempt to inspire you to believe in the paranormal, or the occult or the Christian faith. However I am a Christian and my faith is very strong. My story is just a true and accurate account, of what has been happening in my life and is still continuing. I have never seen a ghost, but I did have an experience when I was in my late twenties, where Satan tried to enter my body. It was a vision in a dream, where she ran at me and when she hit me she bounced off me screaming in pain.

Now for my story. It was the last week of March in 2016. I was renting a room from a lady that took me in when I was going through a difficult time in my life, and had nowhere to stay in the summer of 2015. At the beginning of March, she informed me that she was selling the house and I would need to find another place to live. She did tell me at the beginning that it would only be temporary, and also told me that her partner had died in the house. During the last week of March she was away most of the time, and I was there by myself preparing to move the first of April.

It was Tuesday night and I retired for the evening to my room around 11:30 pm. The room was in the loft in the top floor of the house. I was lying in bed with the light on because I could not sleep, as I was thinking about my new home. It was going to be a rooming house with two other tenants. As I lay there, I was suddenly drawn to look at the wall to the right of me. It was as though I could sense that something was there and could feel it's presence. I slowly moved my head and followed it, as it approached me and passed over my head. As it passed over my head, I felt a cool refreshing moisture on my face as though someone had sprinkled snow on my face. I stopped and stared for a few seconds, and then continued to follow it to the left side of the bed where it stopped. As I continued to stare at the spot where it stopped, all of a sudden I heard the spirit say one word to me. It sounded like the voice of a young teenage girl. The one word she said to me was sweet, and I heard it plain as day just as if a real girl was there speaking to me. She left and that was the end of her visit. At no time during this experience did I ever feel threatened or any sense of fear or evil.

There is a second part to my story. The part that is still continuing today. I moved into my new rooming house in April, and in July I developed an infection in my right arm that would not heal due to poor circulation, and I had to have it amputated a few inches below the elbow in October. I am now fitted with a prosthetic arm that looks very real, and most people at first glance do not even notice that it is a prosthetic arm and hand.

When I sleep on my right side, I Prop my prosthetic arm against the wall at a 45 degree angle, with my hand resting on the wall. The prosthetic hand is made of a rubber like material. As I am nearing the sleep stage but still fully aware of my surroundings, the spirit lifts my arm away from the wall and let's it fall back to the wall. My hand bounces on the wall and it startles me because it is unexpected. I feel my arm move at the elbow and I know that it is not me that is doing it.

Sometimes the spirit takes my arm and throws it at the wall very hard, so that it hits with a loud bang. At times the spirit moves my arm to the right or left a few inches and let's it bounce on the wall. This has been happening since Christmas 2017 and is still continuing. Once again I never feel a sense of evil or fear.

It was quiet all summer and only happened two or three times, but it has restarted again this October. I am not sure if it is the spirit of the young girl that has followed me here from the other house. At times when I go to bed I can smell the fragrance of ladies perfume.

One night I thought that maybe it was trying to communicate with me. I held a pen in my good hand on an eight and half by eleven sheet of paper to see if I could get a message. The pen did not move but the paper turned a quarter of a turn all by itself. Sometimes I have felt the bed move, as well as my right leg and my good arm, and have felt a slight touch through my clothes when it happens. There has never been direct contact with my skin.

I am not frightened in any way and always feel calm, relaxed and peaceful. The spirit also plays with my electronics (home theater) by turning it on and off, or changing inputs while I am using it. I am not worried about this and do not believe that I need help or am possessed. I would like to know if there is anyone else having experiences similar to mine. 

 While all of the spirit encounters I've had have been almost certainly paranormal and cannot be explained away, this is the only one that MIGHT have been partially created from my imagination--but I don't really believe that's the case, for reasons of which I'm about to explain.

A couple months after I started my last job at a gas station, I was left alone to close up the kitchen. After my manager left and I was about to start washing some dishes, I heard a child--perhaps a little girl?--laughing in the back room (which was right next to the kitchen). The store manager sometimes allowed her granddaughter to come in while she waited for said manager to get off, and I thought that's who it was, but when I went to look there was no one there. I chalked it up to imagination and put it in the back of my mind.

A few weeks later the assistant manager and I were talking and--according to her--there was a time where she and a friend of her were talking at work. She was working the night shift, and the two of them were the only ones in the building. Things had slowed down so they were cracking up. One of them made some joke and once they both stopped laughing they heard another, much deeper chuckle from the back area of the building. Both of them were creeped out and the manager went to investigate to see if anyone was there, checked the security footage, and so on. While she said that the laughter hadn't been picked up by the cameras, both she and her friend heard it clearly (and of course, this is assuming she was being honest).

A few more weeks pass, and my partner had started working at the gas station as well. Without having ever been told about my story or the manager's, she came up to me a few hours before leaving and told me that she had heard a voice of an elderly woman chuckle and say, "Mr. Paul." When she turned around, no one was there. Keep in mind that she heard that crystal clear, EVEN THOUGH at the time one of her ears was blocked, and she was having trouble hearing me if I stood right beside her.

At that point I was really curious about what was going on and decided to bring my pendulum to work. I got there thirty minutes before I was scheduled to clock in and hid where I knew no one was likely to find me. I grounded myself and did the usual things one needs to do when they're using pendulums. If you're not familiar with them, I highly suggest you look into them. They're very interesting, very useful, and I can say I've yet to find that something my pendulum guided me to was wrong. When I asked if there was a spirit that was staying in or around the building, it swung "yes." When I asked if said spirit was the same that I and others had been hearing, it swung for yes again.

The next day or so I heard voices talking in the office (which was above the kitchen), but it struck me as strange because no one was supposed to be up there. When I went to investigate the noise had stopped and, of course, no one was there, but when I got back to the kitchen it sounded like there were people talking in the front counter area. I looked there, but there was only one person working for the front counter, and she said she hadn't had a customer in the past twenty or thirty minutes.

I've since quit the job, but I've been thinking about going back to the area to investigate. If I do, and if anything significant or noteworthy happens, I'll be sure to update this.

I'm the youngest. 

I have lived in the same house for about 18 years now. I would like to say that I'm a pretty religious person, I go to church and even go to a Catholic school. But I'm not the kind to shove my religion or beliefs down your throat. So naturally I believe in the paranormal and the supernatural.

I was about 20 years old when my first paranormal occurrence happened. I have always had a messy room and you know what they says"cleanliness is next to Godliness." Well I was the opposite and had a messy room all the time. Finally something clicked in me that I didn't want a dirty room anymore. So I cleaned my room top to bottom. I threw things out I swept I even rearranged my room. My room is a medium size room. In a square like shape. From the door off to the left is where I originally had my bed. I moved it clear across my room to have it in a completely different spot. So now it was right across from my door and I always slept with my door open to the hallway light would come into my room.

So later that night when I went to bed the hallway light would shine into my room making it hard for me to sleep. Finally I was able to fall asleep with the light shining in my face. Well I always had a thing when I was little that I would wake up in the middle of the night to change my position. I always slept on my stomach or my sides.

Like every other night I woke up to switch from my stomach to my side. Well when I turned around to lay on my side in the darkness I saw this thing. Now I don't know if you guys have ever read the childhood scary book series called Scary Stories to tell in the dark. Well in the first edition there is a small partnerg called the slithery dee (might have spelt wrong). Well in this partnerg page there on the bottom is a creature with a head too big for its body, completely round and it's covered in hair or fur from head to toe. It had a tail and of course claws. Well the thing looked just like it besides it's legs.

In the dark I could see it. It was darker than the night sky. It was looking right at me and it was crawling onto my bed to my legs. But I could tell that when I looked at it it was just as scared of me as I was to it. It froze and stared at me. I freaked out and like any other kid I jumped under my blankets and put a pillow over my head. I didn't feel the thing anymore nor did I hear it. I was debating on whether I scream for my partner or just go back to sleep. I choose to fall back asleep. I couldn't tell if it had left or if it was still on my bed, I couldn't feel it or hear it so as I waited for a half hour, I was in complete horror.

I woke the next day to no clue if the thing was still there or if it was gone. But there was no place for it to hide. I had no underbed and no closet. The only thing I had was messy bedroom for things to hide in but my room was clean and my room stays clean so things like that can't hide.

I don't know what it was and I know for a fact it was not a dream or a shadow. It was real!

As I get older and learn more about things I try and connect it to something, so far all I can think of is that it was a shadow person. Was it there it hurt me? I doubt it. It wouldn't have froze when I looked at it. It would have jumped to the chance. Was it there just to watch me? I don't know. I don't know what it was there for.


I couldn't think of a title so I used this one which does fit:D.

On Friday July 13th I had major back surgery. My back had to be reconstructed. I am now fused from T-8 all the way down to my Sacral area.

The surgery took about 9 hours with 2 surgeons. 

Problem was they couldn't wake me up in recovery which was a concern for the Doctors,Nurses,and my family.

As for me I was in total darkness for I don't know how long. 

I mean I don't feel like I'm in my body and I'm wearing normal clothes. Nothing but darkness, time standing still. 

Suddenly I hear familiar voices, of people who have died. My grandparents are telling me it's okay if I want to let go and come home to them. 

They say I have been through enough and I need the rest. 

My mother in-law joins in saying the same. I make my decision they are right, I knew going in that I could die. 

I start feeling lighter and floating but something is stopping me, I feel like I am anchored. I start to panic a little and start to pull at whatever is anchoring me. I gave one more pull and all of a sudden I'm in pain back in my body still trying to pull away. 

I open my eyes and my best friend had been at the hospital for most of my surgery with my daughter and my partner who works at the hospital. My best friend was the anchor, she had my hand in both of hers and she is praying holding my hand to her heart. 

I was awake for only a little while but I found out that the nurses had been trying to wake me up for 3 hours and I have to stay in recovery overnight because of my vitals.

They got me up for a short walk on Sunday and sat me in a chair when we got back to my room. 

I had my left leg over my right and I feel a dog nose on my toe and when I looked I saw an outline of a small fuzzy dog. 

Many years before they had a dog lab in the infancy of heart surgery to learn procedures. 

Which made no sense to me when I found out because a dog anatomy is nowhere near that of a human but I guess a heart is a heart. Then a few seconds later I felt a tap on my head like hey sit straight. 

Right after that my nurse came in to see how I am and I tell her I want to go back to bed.

I had told the nurse and nurse companions about a problem I had with an air bed like mine in another hospital years ago, it had broken. Thursday night after a long walk with the physical therapist I get back to my room and my bed is broken so they had to get me another bed!

The next day I was discharged and was glad to be home. My partner Eric (WhiteWolf) has been an incredible help. She took the New York State Trooper test last year and scored an 89 and made the list of candidates. I am so proud of her.

A couple of weeks later I was very sleepy after my alarm. 

My partner didn't like the way I was sitting in the dining room chair so she told me go sit in the recliner in my sleepy state. 

I told her to F off because in reality she could try the patience of a Saint. 

I started sleep walking a little while later and was at the kitchen sink waking up trying to figure out why I can't walk and I see what looked like a disembodied fist and forearm and I feel like I got punched in the heart. The hit was so hard it knocked me off my feet and I fell flat on my back knocking the wind out of me. I tried yelling for help but it came out little more than a whisper so I rolled onto my side until I could get the strength to get up myself which took awhile. I finally got up and got Eric, my heart felt funny but I've had anxiety attacks because of my daughter before so as long as I wasn't altered we just put it down to that. Some things would vanish then return after I said put it back.

Sometimes when I sleep in my bed I can feel a dark entity or a black shadow squeezing me from behind.

It feels very warm but it's heavy and sometimes it likes to whisper in my ear or touch me / make love to me. It sounds weird I know but I suspect that it's attracted to me.

When I was in a relationship it happened to me everytime and now that I'm single it happens every 3 / 6 month. Or once in a while.

The last time it happened was really freaky. I could feel this shadow / dark entity kissing me everywhere but I thought that it was my mother or I got at least a sense that it was my own mother and when I woke up I saw that no one was there and then I knew it was maybe the black shadow...

It always happens around 7:00 AM or 9:00 AM o clock in the morning.

I went to a medium and she said that it's attracted to me and it doesn't want anyone else to be in a relationship with me. She could sense it will get angry if anyone has me. And last time I was in a relationship it always haunted me every 3 or 4 day etc and now that I'm out of the relationship it just "visits" me every month etc.

The thing is I can feel that it loves me, and that it cares about me but I hate that it thinks she/she owns me. I'm not scared of it, I just want to know what it is and what I can do about it. This is why I'm writing here.

What is happening and what can I do about it? Is it dangerous and do I need to be afraid or: (?

Please help me.

I do not know how to help my friend whom I now believe is possessed by an evil demon. She has symptoms that have led me to recognize this in her. She now exhibits violent, confrontational anger the drop of a hat, (all of what I describe is new behavior) she is constantly physically busy,working,doing chores, never still... It is pathological. She is accusing, suspicious, insulting and foul mouthed. She changes at the drop of a hat. How can I help her?

She realizes something is wrong and that she has changed. So telling her what I think is wrong with her will not be out of left field for her. She says she believes in God, and I know this to be true. But she does not remotely act like it any more. So what can be done? Is there anything I can do, as far as casting this out of her? I want to help her, but she needs the right help. Her anger infects people and they start taking on her aspects of anger, reactionary accusations and suspicions.

She does possess the classic symptoms of what would be considered spirit possession. She almost lost her life in a car accident last night. I don't want her to die with this kind of thing attached to her. What can be done? Can one person cast this thing out of her? I know it takes some specific steps to help those afflicted with such a thing. My poor friend is suffering and alienating everyone in her life by her radical hateful behavior. People not savvy to the spirit realm think she is crazy, and do not recognize the spiritual sickness. Her home feels heavy. Other friends have mentioned this, and I agree. She is physically violent, feels sick, nauseated all the time, and blames everyone for her bad outcomes or problems. Having known her for about a decade, I know the real her. She was never like what I see now.

She was attacked in her home by a friend who is schizophrenic. She told her during her violent assault that she was there to 'fix ' her and proceeded to beat her to a pulp and we believe she was going to beat her to death if the assault had not been interrupted.

I had a precognition about this assault about 6 weeks before it happened. It was overwhelming. I told her that this particular person was going to try and kill her and to stay away from her. She did not take my counsel, and felt she could handle her schizophrenic episodes. 

What I foresaw was not like that. She would not be able to handle what she would do to her, as she laid in wait outside her house and attacked her when she arrived home in the foyer of her house. Please, advice would be greatly appreciated and carefully considered. I don't want to forsake my friend and leave her in her misery. Thank you for your response.

The story I will be telling you are the experiences we had in our house. Our house was built about 30yrs ago.

Four years ago, my parents did a bit of remodeling in the house and also rearranged some furnitures. Since then, we experienced a lot of strange things in the house but the most common are the white shadows. You know, those things that you see in your peripheral vision.

I had a few experiences of these white shadows. Since I only saw a glimpse of them or they just remained at my peripheral vision, I ignore them most of the time. There's no point scaring myself especially if I'm the only one in the room or in the house but I'll tell you the experiences I can never forget.

I was brushing my hair in front of our full body mirror when I saw through the reflection in the mirror a boy in white enter the door behind me and passed by, going to the bathroom. 

I thought she was one of my brothers, so I ignored her and continued brushing my unruly hair. A few seconds later, my sister came in the door behind me... The same sister who I thought came in a while ago! Turning around, I asked her, "Didn't you just enter a while ago? I thought you came in and went to the living room."

"No," she replied. Apparently, she was outside when she saw someone in white come in and she just followed her inside. I stared at her for a few seconds before I felt goosebumps all over my body.

The next experience was when my sister (the same sister above) and I were watching TV. Our TV is on a table beside the door adjacent the full body mirror. I was sitting on a chair in front of the TV while my sister is sitting on another chair on my left, our open front door behind her. I saw a child in white enter the house through the front door running then went through the other door beside the TV. I looked at my sister and asked, "Who was it? Was it V?" (Let's just call our youngest sister as 'V'.)

"I'm not sure," my sister replied. "I saw two of them. One went to the living room while the other one went upstairs."

It's easy to ignore if I'm the only one who saw it but both of us? Furthermore, she saw 2 while I only saw 1. From where she's sitting, she would be able to see more than me inside the house.

I was starting to feel scared but also worried, I called for our youngest sister. I called several times but there was no answer. Mustering some courage, I went to the bathroom and also checked upstairs to look for her. No surprise, I found no one. There's only 2 of us inside the house.

By the way, both of these experiences happened in broad daylight.

Also, my sister also has an active third eye so she can definitely see more paranormal stuff.

Not only me but my siblings also had several experiences like this. There was one time that they were playing something on the bed when I came down from the bedroom upstairs and went behind them, asking what they were doing which they simply answered, "playing." Afterwards, I went to the bathroom.

All these happened while I was upstairs, playing games on the computer so they were shocked when I came down the stairs and peered over them, asking them what they were doing. "Didn't you just asked that a few moments ago? And we thought you went to the bathroom," they told me. Spooky, isn't it?

I don't know but for some reason an entity or entities that haunts our house always copy our forms but they are always in white. Fortunately, it never harmed us.

A few months after the remodeling, mother rearranged the furnitures again. One of the things that was moved was the full body mirror that was facing the door beside the TV.

It was only after some time that we noticed that the white shadows had already stopped appearing. Then, I think I finally knew the reason why they appeared in the first place. We have an old 'pamahiin' or belief in the Philippines. Mirrors are not to be placed in front of doors because its bad luck.

In some cultures, mirrors are a gateway of the spirits and placing it in front of doors can open that gateway, enabling the spirits or other entities pass through. I guess that's what happened in our house. Ever since the mirror was moved, the hauntings finally stopped.




